Blackheart Revolution is the third full-length album by American industrial rock band Genitorturers. It is the band's first studio album in eleven years. Trivero was a comune (municipality) in the Province of Biella in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Turin and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Biella. Canobbio is a municipality in the circolo Vezia of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. CKOI-FM is a commercial radio station in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It airs a French-language contemporary hit radio format and is owned and operated by Cogeco. The studios are in Place Bonaventure at 800 rue de la Gauchetière ouest in Montreal. Liakat Ali Errol Alibux is a Surinamese politician historically associated to the PALU. Richmond Lockwood Sexson is an American former professional baseball first baseman who played in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Indians, Milwaukee Brewers, Arizona Diamondbacks, Seattle Mariners, and New York Yankees from 1997 to 2008. Sexson was a two-time MLB All-Star and was inducted onto the Milwaukee Brewers Wall of Honor. Sexson was also the field manager for the Windy City ThunderBolts in the West division of the Frontier League for the 2023 season. Dorcatoma is a genus of beetles in the family Ptinidae. They are distributed in several regions of the world, excluding tropical areas. There are more than 70 species. Sirk'i Qullu is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 5,546 m (18,196 ft) high. It is located in the La Paz Department, at the border of the Pedro Domingo Murillo Province, La Paz Municipality, and the Sud Yungas Province, Yanacachi Municipality. Sirk'i Qullu lies north-east of the city of La Paz, north of the mountain Jathi Qullu and south of the mountains Wak'ani and Mik'aya. Epectasis juncea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the type species of its genus. It was described by Newman in 1840, originally under the genus Saperda. It has a wide distribution between Central and South America. The He Jiankui genome editing incident is a scientific and bioethical controversy concerning the use of genome editing following its first use on humans by Chinese scientist He Jiankui, who edited the genomes of human embryos in 2018. He became widely known on 26 November 2018 after he announced that he had created the first human genetically edited babies. He was listed in Time magazine's 100 most influential people of 2019. The affair led to ethical and legal controversies, resulting in the indictment of He and two of his collaborators, Zhang Renli and Qin Jinzhou. He eventually received widespread international condemnation. The 1904 WAFA season was the 20th season of senior Australian rules football in Perth, Western Australia. Nathanael Ming-Yan Wei, Baron Wei, also known as Nat Wei, is an English social entrepreneur and advisor on technology, with an interest in social reform. He is the first British-born person of Hong Kong origin to have become a member of the House of Lords, sitting as a Conservative, and was the youngest member of the House from 2010 to 2016. He was also previously an adviser to the UK Government on their Big Society project. Shlomi Arbeitman is an Israeli former professional footballer who played as a striker. Jane H. Rider was an engineer and bacteriologist. She was the first female engineer in Arizona. Her career largely focused on the health field, including sanitary engineering, hospital surveying, and hospital construction. She worked as the Arizona State Director of Hospital Surveys from 1948 to 1961. On 6 February 2023, at 04:17 TRT (01:17 UTC), a Mw 7.8 earthquake struck southern and central Turkey and northern and western Syria. The epicenter was 37 km (23 mi) west–northwest of Gaziantep. The earthquake had a maximum Mercalli intensity of XII (Extreme) around the epicenter and in Antakya. It was followed by a Mw 7.7 earthquake at 13:24. This earthquake was centered 95 km (59 mi) north-northeast from the first. There was widespread damage and tens of thousands of fatalities. Jim McMillan is an American politician and former law enforcement officer who served as the third sheriff of Jacksonville, Florida, from 1986 to 1996. He is a member of the Democratic Party. USS Cincinnati (CL-6), was the third Omaha-class light cruiser, originally classified as a scout cruiser, built for the United States Navy. She was the third Navy ship named after the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, the first being Cincinnati, an ironclad commissioned in 1862, during the Civil War, and the second being Cincinnati, a protected cruiser, that was decommissioned in 1919. 6 Geminorum is a variable star in the zodiac constellation of Gemini, located roughly 5,800 light years away from the Sun. It has the variable star designation BU Geminorum; 6 Geminorum is the Flamsteed designation. At its brightest this reddish hued star is barely visible to the naked eye but is readily visible with binoculars, found southeast of M 35, just to the south of WY Geminorum. It is moving further from the Earth with a heliocentric radial velocity of +27 km/s. The star is a member of the Gemini OB1 association. Eileen Demes is a German track and field athlete who competes in the 400m hurdles. Melaleuca violacea is a plant in the myrtle family Myrtaceae and is endemic to a small area in the south-west of Western Australia. It is a small, straggly, prostrate to semi-prostrate shrub with purple flowers and star-shaped fruit. On September 4, 2013, one student was killed and three others were wounded in a stabbing attack at Spring High School in Spring, Texas, United States. A 17-year-old student, identified as Luis Alonzo Alfaro, was arrested and charged with the murder. In September 2014, Alfaro was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 20 years in prison. Chasing Two Hares, also known as A Kyiv Comedy, is a 1961 Soviet Ukrainian comedy film directed by Viktor Ivanov based on the eponymous play by Mykhailo Starytsky. The CineFest Miskolc International Film Festival is an annual film festival held in the town of Miskolc, in Hungary. It was founded under the name of Festival of Young Filmmakers in 2004 with a focus on filmmakers under the age of 35. The festival now presents feature films, shorts, documentaries, and animated films. All programs, screenings, conferences, and exhibitions are free to attend. Pista de Atletismo Darwin Piñeyrúa is a running track in Montevideo, Uruguay. It is a major venue for events organized by the Uruguayan Athletics Confederation. It is situated in the Parque Batlle near Estadio Centenario. It is named after Uruguayan athlete Darwin Piñeyrúa. Stuart Highway is a major Australian highway. It runs from Darwin, in the Northern Territory, via Tennant Creek and Alice Springs, to Port Augusta in South Australia; it has a distance of 2,720 km (1,690 mi). Its northern and southern extremities are segments of Australia's Highway 1. The principal north–south route through the central interior of mainland Australia, the highway is often referred to simply as "The Track". Washington Lafayette Elliott was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He led a division of IV Corps at the Battle of Nashville in 1864. In 1866, he was awarded the honorary grade of brevet major general, U.S. Army. Anubhav (transl. Experience) is a 1971 Hindi-language film by noted director Basu Bhattacharya, which stars Sanjeev Kumar, Tanuja and Dinesh Thakur. The film was the first part of Basu Battacharya's introspective trilogy on marital discord in an urban setting, which included Avishkaar (1973) and Griha Pravesh (1979); and went on to win the 1972 National Film Award for Second Best Feature Film and started a trend later picked up even by the mainstream cinema. The film is also remembered for playback singer Geeta Dutt's finest songs composed by music director Kanu Roy with lyrics from Gulzar, like "Meri Jaan Mujhe Jaan Na Kaho", "Koi Chupke Se Aake" and "Mera Dil Jo Mera Hota". Ekti Katha is a Bengali album of the Indian singer Shreya Ghoshal, released in 1999 by Indian label Sagarika. The songs are Bengali versions of popular Hindi film songs. The House of Assembly, or Lower House, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of Tasmania in Australia. The other is the Legislative Council or Upper House. It sits in Parliament House in the state capital, Hobart. Saarang is the annual social and cultural festival of IIT Madras. It is a 5-day long festival usually in the second week of the year. Founded in 1974, Saarang is the second oldest college festival in India. It was started in the name of 'Mardi Gras' with a small number of quizzes and music events. It adopted the name 'Saarang' and grew with the help of corporate sponsorship, collaboration with large-scale event organizers and international artists. Polycera quadrilineata, is a sea slug, a species of dorid nudibranch. It is a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae. The specific epithet quadrilineata means four-lined and refers to the four longitudinal black lines present on the original specimen. This species is sometimes called the fourline nudibranch. In 2020 a integrative molecular and morphological study showed that P. quadrilineata was a complex of two species in the NE Atlantic and one of these species was given the new name Polycera norvegica. Kousalya is a playback singer and Music Composer from South Indian Cinema. Did her Masters and PhD in Carnatic Music. Started playback singing career in the year 1999 with Telugu movie Nee Kosam, music scored by R.P.Patnaik. She rendered more than 400 songs for Telugu, Tamil and Kannada films. Alkaline ceramidase 2 also known as ACER2 is a ceramidase enzyme which in humans is encoded by the ACER2 gene. Casinhas or little houses is a city in northeastern Brazil, in the State of Pernambuco. It lies in the mesoregion of Agreste of Pernambuco and has 125.28 sq/km of total area. Le Petit Lieutenant is a 2005 French crime drama film directed by Xavier Beauvois. With almost documentary realism, it shows how in a tragic breach of procedure a young married police lieutenant is killed by a suspect and how the head of his squad doggedly tracks down the killer, who is shot dead trying to escape. Yogi's Ark Lark is a 1972 American animated television special produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions, intended to raise ecological awareness. Written by Bob Ogle and Dick Robbins and directed by Joseph Barbera and William Hanna, it was broadcast on ABC on September 16, 1972 as part of The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie, and served as the two-part pilot for Yogi's Gang. Tangier Combined School is a K-12 public school in Tangier, Virginia. A part of Accomack County Public Schools, it is the sole comprehensive K-12 public school in the State of Virginia. Nancy Bogen is an American author-scholar, mixed media producer, and digital artist. Setti David Warren is an American politician. He served as Mayor of Newton, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston, and is a former Democratic candidate for United States Senate in 2012. He is the first popularly elected African-American mayor in Massachusetts. Ronnie Scott OBE was a British jazz tenor saxophonist and jazz club owner. He co-founded Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London's Soho district, in 1959. Maruszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Rockefeller State Park Preserve is a state park in Mount Pleasant, New York in the eastern foothills of the Hudson River in Westchester County. Common activities in the park include horse-riding, walking, jogging, running, bird-watching, and fishing. The park has a rich history and was donated to the State of New York over time by the Rockefeller family beginning in 1983. A section of the park, the Rockwood Hall property, fronts the Hudson River. It was formerly the private residence of William Rockefeller, and began use as a New York state park in the early 1970s. In 2018, the park was added to New York's State Register of Historic Places. The Jackbox Party Pack is a series of party video games developed by Jackbox Games for many different platforms on a near-annual release schedule since 2014. Each installment contains five games that are designed to be played in groups of varying sizes, including in conjunction with streaming services like Twitch which provide means for audiences to participate. The China Railways SL7 class steam locomotive was a class of 4-6-2 express passenger steam locomotives operated by the China Railway. They were originally built for the South Manchuria Railway (Mantetsu) to pull the Asia Express - Mantetsu's signature train and most iconic locomotive, whose images were used on fliers, posters, postage stamps, and even children's school textbooks, as a symbol of technology and modernism in Manchukuo and was used to demonstrate the success of Japan's imperial project. Ramiz Jaraisy is an Arab-Israeli politician and the former mayor of Nazareth. Sergey Koren is an American bioinformatician who is an associate investigator in the genome informatics section at the National Human Genome Research Institute. Cephalotes texanus is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes, characterized by an odd shaped head, and the ability to "parachute" by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on. Giving their name also as gliding ants. The species is native of Texas and of the Mexican states of Nuevo Leon, San Luis Potosí and Tamaulipas. Their larger and flatter legs, a trait common with other members of the genus Cephalotes, gives them their gliding abilities. The 48th Infantry Regiment "Ferrara" is an inactive unit of the Italian Army last based in Bari. The regiment is named for the city of Ferrara and part of the Italian Army's infantry arm. On 2 July 1859, during the Second Italian War of Independence, a mobile column was formed with volunteers in Bologna. The column did not see action in the war and was soon split into two columns. On 1 October 1859, the 2nd Mobile Column was renamed 26th Infantry Regiment and assigned, together with the 25th Infantry Regiment, to the Brigade "Ferrara" of the Army of the League of Central Italy of the United Provinces of Central Italy. On 1 January 1860, the 26th Infantry Regiment was renumbered 48th Infantry Regiment, and on 25 March 1860, the regiment joined the Royal Sardinian Army. Too-Cowee, was an important historic Cherokee town located near the Little Tennessee River north of present-day Franklin, North Carolina. It also had a prehistoric platform mound and earlier village built by ancestral peoples. As their expression of public architecture, the Cherokee built a townhouse on top of the mound. It was the place for their community gatherings in their highly decentralized society. The name translates to "pig fat" in English. British traders and colonists referred to Cowee as one of the Cherokee Middle Towns along this river; they defined geographic groupings based in relation to their coastal settlements, such as Charlestown, South Carolina. Shmuel Stoller was an Israeli agronomist and an early member of the Zionist movement. A tennis ball is a small, hollow ball used in games of tennis and real tennis. Tennis balls are fluorescent yellow in professional competitions, but in recreational play other colors are also used. Tennis balls are covered in a fibrous felt, which modifies their aerodynamic properties, and each has a white curvilinear oval covering it. Boniface Lele was a Roman Catholic prelate in Kenya. He was the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mombasa from 2005 until his health-related resignation in 2013. Before that, from 1995 until 2005, he was the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kitui, a Suffragan diocese of Mombasa. He died on 9 April 2014 as Archbishop Emeritus of Mombasa, Kenya. He was 66 years, one week shy of his 67th birthday. Ammerzoden is a village on the northern bank of the Maas river in western Gelderland, a Dutch province. The people of the village have strong connections with the people in the province of North Brabant, especially the nearby city of 's-Hertogenbosch. Since 1 January 1999, Ammerzoden has been part of the municipality of Maasdriel. Hungary competed at the 2016 European Athletics Championships in Amsterdam, Netherlands, between 6 and 10 July 2016. Italy has sent delegations to the Summer Paralympics since the first edition in Rome 1960, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC). Dicranella is a genus of moss belonging to the family Dicranaceae. The genus was first described by Karl Müller. It has a cosmopolitan distribution. Paulus Ali Nuumbembe is a Namibian welterweight boxer. Nicknamed "The Silent Assassin", Nuumbembe is a former Commonwealth champion who represented Namibia at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2002 Commonwealth Games. Lubāna is a town situated in Madona Municipality in the Vidzeme region of Latvia, situated by the Aiviekste river. It acquired a town status in 1992, and the current population is 1974. Its emblem is a golden duck on a blue background in the top part and 3 waved lines in the bottom part. "Timebomb" is a song by Swedish singer and songwriter Tove Lo from her debut studio album, Queen of the Clouds (2014). It was written by Lo, Alexander Kronlund and Klas Åhlund, and produced by Åhlund. Initially a promotional single, the track was later released as the third single from the album on 12 August 2015. It is an electropop and EDM track with piano instrumentation; the lyrics talk about a passionate and fleeting romance that is not meant to last. Manhattan Afternoon is an album by pianist Cedar Walton which was recorded in 1992 and released on the Dutch Criss Cross Jazz label. Riverside is a borough in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,932 at the 2010 census. The current mayor is John LaMotte. You Lucky People! is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Tommy Trinder, Mary Parker and Dora Bryan. Originally titled Get Fell In, the film was renamed to match Trinder's familiar catchphrase. It was shot in a rival French process to CinemaScope, called 'CameraScope', with the attendant publicity describing "the first feature to be made with an anamorphic lens in black and white! It's a camerascoop!". It was shot at Beaconsfield Studios near London with sets designed by the art director Ray Simm.  One Yonge Street is a 25-storey office building in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The building served as the headquarters of Torstar and its flagship newspaper, the Toronto Star, from 1971 to 2022. It is 100 metres tall and built in the International style. It was built as a replacement to the Old Toronto Star Building, which was located at 80 King Street West. That building was torn down to make room for First Canadian Place. Buzz!: Brain Bender is a 2008 party video game developed by Curve Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation Portable. It is a spin-off of the Buzz! series and the second game in the series to be made for a handheld console. Unlike other games in the Buzz! series Brain Bender is a puzzle game rather than a quiz game. The game features 16 mini-games covering four categories: Analysis, Observation, Memory, and Calculation with each category having three levels of difficulty easy, normal, and hard. The multiplayer aspect of the game is a customisable four-round match called Brain Battle. Carderock Springs Historic District is a national historic district located at Bethesda, Montgomery County, Maryland. The district encompasses 275 modernist houses located northwest of Bethesda. It was developed between 1962 and 1966, and was planned to take full advantage of the existing landscape and topography, with curvilinear streets and cul-de-sacs serving wooded, sloping properties. Climate change in Rhode Island encompasses the effects of climate change, attributed to man-made increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide, in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. Big data primarily refers to data sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data-processing software. Data with many entries (rows) offer greater statistical power, while data with higher complexity may lead to a higher false discovery rate. Estonia competed at the 2024 European Athletics Championships in Rome, Italy from 7–12 June 2024. Rockie Lynne is the debut studio album by American country music singer Rockie Lynne. The album was released on May 2, 2006 via Universal South Records. It includes three chart singles in "Lipstick", "Do We Still" and "More", all of which charted on the Billboard country charts. It is his only major-label album. Sero electric is an Argentine electric microcar manufacturer based in Buenos Aires, founded in 2010. Settsu-Motoyama Station is a passenger railway station located in Higashinada-ku, Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by the West Japan Railway Company. Boana freicanecae is a species of frog in the family Hylidae and is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and rivers. Hutchison 3G UK Limited, trading as Three UK, is a British telecommunications company based in Reading, England. It is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings, a limited liability Cayman Islands company registered and listed in Hong Kong. Three is the fourth-largest mobile network operator in the United Kingdom, with about 10.9 million subscribers as of November 2024. Chelsey Goldberg is an American ice hockey player who currently plays for Team Adidas in the Professional Women's Hockey Players Association (PWHPA). Previously, Goldberg had signed with the Boston Blades, in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL), where she began her professional career before the league folded and formed the PWHPA. Boston Blades in the Canadian Women's Hockey League (CWHL). Prior to her professional career, Goldberg played four seasons for the Northeastern University Huskies women's ice hockey team. She is going into her 7th season professionally, and is currently resides in Los Angeles, California working as a hockey ambassador where she hopes to grow women's ice hockey in Los Angeles and along the West Coast. In Israel, marriage can be performed only under the auspices of the religious community to which couples belong, and inter-faith marriages performed within the country are not legally recognized. However, marriages performed abroad or remotely via videoconference must be registered by the government. Matrimonial law is based on the millet or confessional community system which had been employed in the Ottoman Empire, including what is now Israel, was not modified during the British Mandate of the region, and remains in force in the State of Israel. The Psychologist-Manager Journal was a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal, founded in 1997 by the Society of Psychologists in Management. In 2022, it was renamed to the Psychology of Leaders and Leadership. The journal is published by the American Psychological Association. It is conceptualized as a hybrid between a journal and a professional guide to good managerial practice and directed at the practicing psychologist-manager. Chekka Chivantha Vaanam is a 2018 Indian Tamil-language crime drama film directed by Mani Ratnam, co-written with Siva Ananth. Produced by Ratnam under the banner Madras Talkies, along with Lyca Productions, the film stars Arvind Swamy, Silambarasan, Arun Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi, with Prakash Raj, Jyothika, Aishwarya Rajesh, Aditi Rao Hydari, Dayana Erappa, Jayasudha, Thyagarajan and Mansoor Ali Khan. It tells the story of three brothers who engage in a power struggle for control over their deceased father's criminal empire. Arturo Sabbadin is an Italian former road cyclist. Changshun County is a county of Guizhou, China. It is under the administration of the Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture. Chulilla is a municipality in the comarca of Los Serranos in the Valencian Community, Spain. The name in Valencian is Xulilla, but the local language is Spanish, not Valencian. The Nova Festival Victims Memorial is a monument commemorating the victims of the Nova Festival massacre. It is located in the Re'im parking lot near Kibbutz Re'im, where the festival took place on October 6–7, 2023. Andrew Stevovich is an American painter. He is best known for oil paintings and pastels that combine abstract formalities with a figurative narrative. He has also produced lithographs, etchings, and wood-block prints. The Jeffery brand of automobiles were manufactured by the Thomas B. Jeffery Company in Kenosha, Wisconsin. The Sveconorwegian orogeny was an orogenic system active 1140 to 960 million years ago and currently exposed as the Sveconorwegian orogenic belt in southwestern Sweden and southern Norway. In Norway the orogenic belt is exposed southeast of the front of the Caledonian nappe system and in nappe windows. The Sveconorwegian orogen is commonly grouped within the Grenvillian Mesoproterozoic orogens. Contrary to many other known orogenic belts the Sveconorwegian orogens eastern border does not have any known suture zone with ophiolites. Protein pigeon homolog also known as gamma-secretase activating protein (GSAP) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PION gene. Thomas Beck is a retired Liechtenstein football striker who last played for FC Triesenberg. Turino Vanni was an Italian painter. Hyōsube (ひょうすべ) is a Japanese yōkai. There are legends about them in many areas such as Saga Prefecture and Miyazaki Prefecture. "Bad Habits" is a song by American singer Usher. It was released as a single on September 10, 2020, via RCA Records. The song was written by Usher, Pierre Medor, Theron Thomas, and Keith Thomas, and samples Zapp's 1986 hit song "Computer Love". It was produced by Lxrd Rossi and Medor. A music video for the song, directed by Chris Robinson, was released simultaneously with the single. You're the Reason I'm Living is a studio album by the American singer Bobby Darin, released in February 1963. It contains country and western music, often with a big band twist, and features arrangements by Jimmie Haskell, Shorty Rogers and Gerald Wilson. The title track was a number three hit single. Crash of Moons is a 75-minute 1954 American science fiction film, consisting of three consecutive episodes of the television series Rocky Jones, Space Ranger, edited into a complete story. The 1909 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club final was the football match that decided the champion of the 3rd. edition of this National cup of Argentina. In the match, played at the Banco de la Nación Field in Colegiales, Buenos Aires on 22 August 1909, Alumni defeated Newell's Old Boys 5–1. to win their third consecutive Copa de Competencia trophy. "Hold On Hold Out" is a song written by Jackson Browne and Craig Doerge and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne. It is from his 1980 album Hold Out. It was released as the third single from the album, but due to its slightly over-eight-minute length, it was released as a "specially priced" 12-inch 45 rpm record instead of the traditional 7-inch 45, Asylum records possibly hoping to repeat the 12-inch airplay success of "The Load-Out/Stay" medley from the previous album. However, "Hold On Hold Out" only reached number 103 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. Canda is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto, located about 80 km southwest of Venice and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Rovigo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 958 and an area of 14.4 square kilometres (5.6 sq mi). The Manoir de Venevelles, or Château de Venevelles, is a 15th-century manor house in the commune of Luché-Pringé, in the Sarthe departement of France. Established in the 11th century at the bottom of the Aune valley, at the foot of a wooded hill, the manor was rebuilt after the Hundred Years' War by the d'Espaigne family. Under the impetus of Henri-Paul d'Espaigne and Suzanne Le Vasseur, it became a major center of Calvinism in Anjou in the mid-17th century. Ungmennafélagið Afturelding, commonly known as Afturelding or UMFA, is a professional Icelandic multi-sports club from the town of Mosfellsbær located just north of the capital Reykjavík. The club was founded in 1909 and today is primarily known for its handball, football and volleyball teams. Auckland Girls' Grammar School (AGGS) is a New Zealand secondary school for girls located in Newton, in the Auckland central business district. Established in 1878 as Auckland Girls' High School, it is one of the oldest secondary institutions in the country. The school closed its site temporarily in 1888 due to financial difficulties and classes for girls were held at Auckland Grammar School until the girls' school moved to new premises in Howe Street in 1909 and the name of the school changed to Auckland Girls' Grammar School. The school received the Goodman Fielder awards for School and Secondary School of the year in 2000. Burmese Days is the first novel by English writer George Orwell, published in 1934. Set in British Burma during the waning days of empire, when Burma was ruled from Delhi as part of British India, the novel serves as "a portrait of the dark side of the British Raj." At the centre of the novel is John Flory, "the lone and lacking individual trapped within a bigger system that is undermining the better side of human nature." The novel describes "both indigenous corruption and imperial bigotry" in a society where, "after all, natives were natives—interesting, no doubt, but finally...an inferior people". Tsukigaseguchi Station is a passenger railway station operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR-West) in the village of Minamiyamashiro, Kyoto, Japan. Johanna Shively Skibsrud is a Canadian writer, whose debut novel The Sentimentalists won the 2010 Scotiabank Giller Prize. Kevin Lee "Chevy" Woods is an American rapper and songwriter from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He is best known for his affiliation with hometown native rapper Wiz Khalifa, having signed to his Taylor Gang record label as among its first signees in the late 2000s. Woods made his first major appearance on Khalifa's 2011 song "Taylor Gang," which received gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). He has released the collaborative project The Cookout (2011) with Khalifa, as well as his Gangland mixtape series. Negitoro is minced raw tuna in Japanese cuisine. It is typically made from toro, and served with negi. In addition to being an ingredient to sushi of various types, they are used as a rice bowl topping, forming negitorodon. Main Currents of Marxism: Its Origins, Growth and Dissolution is a work about Marxism by the political philosopher Leszek Kołakowski. Its three volumes in English are The Founders, The Golden Age, and The Breakdown. It was first published in Polish in Paris in 1976, with the English translation appearing in 1978. In 2005, Main Currents of Marxism was republished in a one volume edition, with a new preface and epilogue by Kołakowski. The work was intended to be a "handbook" on Marxism by Kołakowski, who was once an orthodox Marxist but ultimately rejected Marxism. Despite his critical stand toward Marxism, Kołakowski endorsed the philosopher György Lukács's interpretation of the philosopher Karl Marx. The Disowned Self is a book written by Nathaniel Branden in 1971 and published in 1972. It was Branden's third book in the area of psychology. The BMO Center is a multi-purpose arena located in downtown Rockford, Illinois, United States. It is currently home to the AHL's Rockford IceHogs hockey team. The arena formerly served as the home of several defunct minor league sports teams, including the Rockford Lightning basketball team, the Rock River Raptors indoor football team, the Rockford Rampage indoor soccer team and the Chicago Rush arena football team. Joseph Vladimirovich (Volfovich) Trumpeldor was a Russian Zionist activist who helped organize the Zion Mule Corps and bring Jewish immigrants to Palestine. He was killed while defending the settlement of Tel Hai in 1920 and subsequently became a Jewish national hero. According to a standard account, his last words were "It's nothing, it is good to die for our country". The blue-mantled crested flycatcher or African crested flycatcher is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae found in eastern and south-eastern Africa. The 1929 24 Hours of Le Mans was the 7th Grand Prix of Endurance that took place at the Circuit de la Sarthe on 15 and 16 June 1929. The Manunggul Jar is a secondary burial jar excavated from a Neolithic burial site in the Manunggul cave of the Tabon Caves at Lipuun Point in Palawan, Philippines. It dates from 890–710 B.C. and the two prominent figures at the top handle of its cover represent the journey of the soul to the afterlife. Alphonsus Rodríguez was a Spanish Jesuit religious brother who is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church. The Macdonald Block Complex is a set of office buildings in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that houses 12 cabinet ministers, 15 Ontario government ministries and the largest concentration of Ontario public servants. Its address is 900 Bay Street, and is located just east of Queen's Park. Jason Eric Nash is an American comedian and Internet personality. Known for his channel on Vine, he also appeared on Last Comic Standing in 2010. Nash has written, directed, and starred in a pair of films: Jason Nash is Married (2014) and FML (2016). In 2016, he started to appear in David Dobrik's vlogs as a member of "The Vlog Squad" and later started his own YouTube channel. The St. Nicholas Church is a Romanian Orthodox church at 12 Ana Aslan Street in Brăila, Romania. It is the second oldest such building in the city, the first being the Church of the Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel, and was built on the site of an older church that was burnt down by a fire. For a time it was the tallest building in the city, and thus, its bell tower served as an observation point for firefighters of Brăila to prevent fires. Crowd control barriers are commonly used at many public events. They are frequently visible at sporting events, parades, political rallies, demonstrations, and outdoor festivals. Event organizers, venue managers, and security personnel use barricades as part of their crowd management planning. Anna Dello Russo is an Italian fashion journalist. She is a creative consultant and editor-at-large for Vogue Japan. Chōkai (鳥海) was an iron-hulled, steam gunboat, serving in the early Imperial Japanese Navy. She was the second vessel to be completed in the four vessel Maya class, and was named after Mount Chōkai in between Yamagata and Akita Prefectures. Hugh Marion Gillis was an American politician. Henrietta is a town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 479 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Hub City and Woodstock, the birthplace of former Iowa Attorney General Howard Webster Byers, are located in the town. The ghost town of Henrietta was also located in the town. Dutchtown High School is a public high school located north of Hampton, Georgia, United States. This school is one of ten high schools operated by the Henry County School District. Histórias e Bicicletas English: Histories and Bicycles is the eleven album by Oficina G3, released by MK Music in 2013. This is the second album with the new lead singer Mauro Henrique and the one with Alexandre Aposan. Google Mobile Services (GMS) is a collection of proprietary applications and application programming interfaces (APIs) services from Google that are typically pre-installed on the majority of Android devices, such as smartphones, tablets, and smart TVs. GMS is not a part of the Android Open Source Project (AOSP), which means an Android manufacturer needs to obtain a license from Google in order to legally pre-install GMS on an Android device. This license is provided by Google without any licensing fees except in the EU. Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima is one of 32 districts of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand. John J. Lawn is an American politician and businessman, currently serving as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Amerika was a Russian-language magazine published by the United States Department of State during the Cold War for distribution in the Soviet Union. It was intended to inform Soviet citizens about American life. Amerika was distinguished among other Soviet publications by its high-grade paper, bright printing and numerous photos. The magazine has been described as "polite propaganda" and featured high-quality photography and articles about everyday life in the United States, as well as profiles of famous American people and institutions. Later it briefly existed as America Illustrated. In total, 454 issues of the magazine were published. Astra Digital Radio (ADR) was a system used by SES for digital radio transmissions on the early Astra satellites, using the audio subcarrier frequencies of analogue television channels. It was introduced in 1995. As of February 2008, there were still 51 stations transmitting in this format. ADR ceased on 30 April 2012 when analogue broadcasts on Astra 19.2°E ended. Bangladesh and Pakistan are both South Asian Muslim-majority countries. Following the end of British rule in India, the two countries formed a single state for 24 years. The Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 resulted in the secession of East Pakistan as the People's Republic of Bangladesh. Pakistan recognized Bangladesh in 1974. Today, bilateral relations between Bangladesh and Pakistan are considered to be cordial. William Fell Giles was a United States representative from Maryland and later a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. NOAH Star Navigation 2024 was a multiple-night professional wrestling event promoted by CyberFight's sub-brand Pro Wrestling Noah and took place on January 13, February 23, March 31, and April 11, 2024, in Tokyo, Japan, at the Korakuen Hall. Broadcasting was made on CyberAgent's AbemaTV online linear television service and CyberFight's streaming service Wrestle Universe. The Girl from Fano is a 1941 German drama film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Brigitte Horney, Joachim Gottschalk and Gustav Knuth. The film is based on a novel by Günther Weisenborn and is set amongst the fishing community of the Danish island of Fanø. "Warm Night" is a song by Swedish band The Concretes from their debut album The Concretes. Its original Scandinavian release as a single took place in 2003. It was re-released in the United Kingdom on December 13, 2004. "Warm Nights" can be describes as Swedish 'Indie-pop.' "Drown" is a song by British rock band Bring Me the Horizon released on 21 October 2014. Originally released as a stand-alone single, a remixed version features on the band's fifth studio album That's the Spirit and was released as the lead single. The track, musically, marks a shift away from the band's previously established metalcore sound. Rather, it was described by critics as a pop-punk-leaning emo and rock song, being the later showcased as arena rock. It is available to play in the music video game Guitar Hero Live, added on 12 January 2016. Michael Galinsky is an American filmmaker, cinematographer, photographer, and musician who has produced and directed a number of documentaries, several of them in collaboration with his now-wife, Suki Hawley. With their partner David Beilinson, they run a production and distribution company called Rumur. María Luisa Godoy Ibáñez is a Chilean journalist and television presenter. She is currently the host of the TVN program Muy buenos días. The Infrared Processing and Analysis Center (IPAC) provides science operations, data management, data archives and community support for astronomy and planetary science missions. IPAC has a historical emphasis on infrared-submillimeter astronomy and exoplanet science. IPAC has supported NASA, NSF and privately funded projects and missions. It is located on the campus of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California. The Sula scops owl, is a small owl in the scops-owl genus Otus found on the Sula Islands of Indonesia. Taxonomically, some groups consider it to be a distinct species, others a subspecies of the Sulawesi scops owl, and yet others a subspecies of the Moluccan scops owl. Samia Akariou is a Moroccan actress and director born in Chefchaouen, Morocco. The Indian wild ass, also called the Indian wild donkey, Indian onager or, in the local Gujarati language, Ghudkhur and Khur, is a subspecies of the onager native to South Asia. Darley Mountain is a 13,260-foot-elevation (4,040-meter) mountain summit located on the shared boundary of Hinsdale County with Ouray County, in southwest Colorado, United States. It is situated five miles southeast of the community of Ouray, in the Uncompahgre Wilderness, on land managed by Uncompahgre National Forest. It is part of the San Juan Mountains which are a subset of the Rocky Mountains, and is west of the Continental Divide. Neighboring geographic features include Engineer Pass 0.6 mile to the southeast, Engineer Mountain 0.9 mile to the south, and nearest higher neighbor Wildhorse Peak 2.2 miles to the north. The mountain's name was officially adopted in 1992 by the United States Board on Geographic Names to commemorate George Marshall Darley (1847–1917), pioneering minister of the San Juan Mountains, who founded and built the first church in western Colorado in Lake City in 1876. Lake City is approximately 16 miles east of this mountain. Canticle II: Abraham and Isaac, Op. 51, is a composition for tenor, alto and piano by Benjamin Britten, part of his series of five Canticles. Commissioned to be performed as a fundraiser for the English Opera Group, it sets the story of Abraham and Isaac from the Chester Mystery Plays. Britten assigned the tenor voice of Peter Pears to Abraham, the alto of Kathleen Ferrier to Isaac, and both singers singing in homophony to the voice of God. The work was premiered on 20 January 1952 by Pears and Ferrier, with Britten as the pianist. It was published by Boosey & Hawkes in 1952, dedicated to the singers. To Hal and Bacharach is a 1998 tribute album featuring songs written by Hal David and Burt Bacharach covered by Australian artists. The idea, developed by Kurt Luthy, Christa Mitchell and Melissa Whebell, was to have a number of Australian performers cover various David/Bacharach tunes, among them: Regurgitator, Rebecca's Empire, the Whitlams, Tex Perkins, the Avalanches, Dave Graney and Frank Bennett Juicio Final (1996) was the name used for two major professional wrestling shows, scripted and produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). The shows took place on December 6 and December 15, 1997 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico. The shows served as the year-end finale for CMLL before Arena México, CMLL's main venue, closed down for the winter for renovations and to host Circo Atayde. The shows replaced the regular Super Viernes shows held by CMLL since the mid-1930s. The Myxotrichaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycetes class, and has seven genera. Fungi in this family are mostly found in soil. Indoors, they can be found in paper substrates, damp drywall, and decomposing materials. They produce black, mesh-like, setose ascocarps with small, fusiform ascospores. Myxotrichum deflexum produces a pinkish-red diffusing pigment and may produce grey, black, and brown stains on paper surfaces. No reports of mycotoxins, pathogenicity, or allergy are known. Al-Midaina District is a district of the Basra Governorate, Iraq. Its seat is the city of Al-Midaina. Lendavske Gorice is a settlement in the hills immediately east of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia. Mondragone is a comune or municipality in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region of Campania. It is located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northwest of Naples and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Caserta. Haim Dayan is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Tzomet between 1992 and 1999. Byland Abbey is a ruined abbey and a small village in Byland with Wass civil parish, in the former Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England, in the North York Moors National Park. Chris Haywood is an English-born Australian actor, writer and producer, with close to 500 screen performances to his name. Haywood has also worked as a casting director, art director, sound recordist, camera operator, gaffer, grip, location and unit manager. Lorenzo's oil is a liquid solution made of 4 parts glycerol trioleate and 1 part glycerol trierucate, which are the triacylglycerol forms of oleic acid and erucic acid. It is prepared from olive oil and rapeseed oil. It is used in the investigational treatment of asymptomatic patients with adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD), a nervous system disorder. In Our Time is a 1982 Taiwanese anthology film directed by Edward Yang, Yi Chang, Ko I-Chen and Tao Te-Chen. Each set in a different decade between 1950 and 1980. The vignettes explore various themes and genres, including drama, comedy, economics, and society, and showcase characters at different stages in their lives. Life's Vagaries is a 1795 comedy play by the Irish writer John O'Keeffe. It was first performed at the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden in London on 19 March 1795. The original cast included John Bernard as Lord Torrendel, William Thomas Lewis as Lord Arthur D'Aumerle, Joseph Shepherd Munden as Sir Hans Burgess, John Quick as Dickins, John Fawcett as George Burgess, John Henry Johnstone as Timolin, Edward Townsend as Robin, Charles Farley as Leillet, Tryphosa Jane Wallis as Augusta and Jane Pope as Lady Torrendel. Its first Dublin performance was at the Crow Street Theatre on 7 January 1796. Field Notes is an American notebook brand headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, that designs, prints and manufactures memo books and related accessories. Founded in 2007, the Field Notes brand is a joint venture between Portland, Oregon-based Draplin Design Company and Chicago-based design firm Coudal Partners. Paektu Mountain or Baekdu Mountain (Korean: 백두산) is an active stratovolcano on the Chinese–North Korean border. In China, it is known as Changbai Mountain. At 2,744 m (9,003 ft), it is the tallest mountain in North Korea and Northeast China and the tallest mountain of the Baekdu-daegan and Changbai mountain ranges. The highest peak, called Janggun Peak, belongs to North Korea. The mountain notably has a caldera that contains a large crater lake called Heaven Lake, and is also the source of the Songhua, Tumen, and Yalu rivers. Korean and Manchu people assign a mythical quality to the mountain and its lake, and consider the mountain to be their ancestral homeland. The Diocese of Balanga is a Latin Church diocese of the Catholic Church in the Philippines, established on March 17, 1975, by Pope Paul VI. The diocese has jurisdiction over the whole province of Bataan, with 38 parishes, 5 diocesan shrines, one minor basilica, chaplaincy, quasi-parish, national shrine and chapel, and 4 vicariates. The Cathedral-Shrine Parish of St. Joseph, Husband of Mary in Aguire Street, Poblacion, Balanga, serves as the seat of the diocese. It is part of the Ecclesiastical Province of San Fernando, Pampanga. The titular patron of the diocese is Saint Joseph, whose feast day falls on March 19. The city fiesta is celebrated on April 28. Edmonton—St. Albert was a federal electoral district in Alberta, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 2004 to 2015. Cameraria caryaefoliella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Quebec in Canada, and the United States. Lakeport State Park is a public recreation area on the shores of Lake Huron in St. Clair County, Michigan. The state park consists of two units on either side of the community of Lakeport within Burtchville Township. Two campgrounds, beachfront, and camp store are on the north side, and a picnic area and beachfront are on the south side. The Texas Rambler is a 1935 American Western film directed by Robert F. Hill and written by Oliver Drake. The film stars Bill Cody, Marie Burton, Earle Hodgins, Stuart James, Mildred Rogers and Budd Buster. The film was released on May 15, 1935, by Spectrum Pictures. Dili Municipality is one of the 14 municipalities, formerly districts, of Timor-Leste, and includes the national capital Dili. The municipality had a population of 277,279 as of 2015, most of whom live in the capital city. Harri Moora was an Estonian archaeologist. He was a recipient of the national Cross of Liberty. NGC 287 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Pisces. It was discovered on November 22, 1827, by John Herschel. The Republic of Ezo was a short-lived separatist state established in 1869 on the island of Ezo, now Hokkaido, by a part of the former military of the Tokugawa shogunate at the end of the Bakumatsu period in Japan. It was the first government to attempt to institute democracy in Japan, though voting was allowed only to the samurai caste. The Republic of Ezo existed for five months before being annexed by the newly established Empire of Japan. Wipeout is an American television game show based on an obstacle course, hosted by John Cena, Nicole Byer, and Camille Kostek which premiered on TBS on April 1, 2021. It is a reboot of ABC's Wipeout which ran from 2008 to 2014. In February 2025, the series was cancelled after two seasons. Melaleuca conothamnoides is a shrub in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is distinguished by its relatively large leaves, prominent oil glands and unusual bracts covering the flower buds before they open. Petersburgh United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church at 12 Head of Lane Road in Petersburgh, Rensselaer County, New York. It was originally built in 1820 and modified to its present Queen Anne style appearance in 1892. The original meeting house style building measures 48 feet long and 36 feet wide. In 1892, the 45 feet tall bell tower was added and a more steeply pitched roof was added over the original roof. An annex was completed in 1938. Gabriel Farnsley House, also known as the Behrens House, is a historic home located in Franklin Township, Floyd County, Indiana. It was built about 1856, and is a two-story, five-bay, plantation-style frame dwelling. It has clapboard siding, a one-story rear shed addition, and features a two-tier front gallery supported by square piers. Island of Rusty General is a 1988 Soviet children's science fiction film directed by Valentin Khovenko, based on the Island of the Rusted Lieutenant from the short story collection Adventures of Alisa by Kir Bulychov. The British Rail Class 21 was a type of Type 2 diesel-electric locomotive built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow for British Rail in 1958–1960. They were numbered D6100-D6157. Thirty-eight of the locomotives were withdrawn by August 1968; the rest were rebuilt with bigger engines to become Class 29, although those locos only lasted until 1971. Borut Maček is a Slovenian handball coach. He coached the Iran national team at the 2015 World Men's Handball Championship. Borden Farm is a historic farm at 2951 and 2967 East Main Road in Portsmouth, Rhode Island. There are five historically significant buildings on the 6.2 acres (2.5 ha) that remain of a farm that was once about 44 acres (18 ha). The property has been owned by descendants of the Borden family since the early 1700s. The main house is a c. 1865 Second Empire structure built by William Borden; there is also an English barn dating to about 1890, along with a workshop, granary, and wellhouse all dating to about 1900. Gesta invisus, the false duskywing, is a species of spread-wing skipper in the family Hesperiidae. It was described by Arthur Gardiner Butler and Herbert Druce in 1872 and is found in Central and North America. Stranded Under Endless Sky is the first extended play by American ambient band Hammock. A follow-up to the band's first studio album, Kenotic, Stranded Under Endless Sky was released on compact disc through the band's own label, Hammock Music, on July 26, 2005. A 140-gram 12" vinyl version was released earlier that month, on July 16, 2005, through Republic of Texas Recordings and Somewherecold Records; it was limited to 100 copies on clear vinyl and 900 copies on black vinyl. Glauke was a town of ancient Ionia. During the Peloponnesian War, at some point Athenian ships were lying at Glauce. A lantern battery is a rectangular battery, typically an alkaline or zinc–carbon primary battery, used primarily in flashlights or lanterns. Lantern batteries are physically larger and consequently offer higher capacity than the more common flashlight batteries. Lantern batteries comprise multiple cells inside a housing. David Anthony Bayliss is an English football scout. He previously played in defence, and was manager at Barrow. The dwarf sturgeon, little shovelnose sturgeon, or small Amu-Darya shovelnose sturgeon is a species of fish in the family Acipenseridae. It is found in Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and probably in Tajikistan. The Daredevil Men is a 1972 British short subject written and directed by John Sealey and featuring Tom Adams. It details the activities of stunt performers and stunt arrangers. Fausto Vagnetti is a representative of Italian painting from the era of transition from the 19th to the 20th century. He emigrated from Tuscany to Rome and started infusing Tuscan brilliance and chromatism into the warm Roman style of painting. The French submarine Astrée was one of eight Amphitrite-class submarines built for the French Navy during the 1910s and completed during World War I. The term funeral coin is used for coins issued on the occasion of the death of a prominent person, mostly a ruling prince or a coin-lord. The obverse of such a coin usually depicts the portrait of the deceased; the reverse may show the coat of arms and important biographic data. Marina van der Rijk, known as Miggy, was a Dutch pop singer of the 1980s. She was born in Breda and died in Geleen. Her only hit was the novelty song 'Annie, which released in 1981. The Chymical Wedding is a 1989 novel by Lindsay Clarke about the intertwined lives of six people in two different eras. Inspired by the life of Mary Anne Atwood, the book includes themes of alchemy, the occult, fate, passion, and obsession. It won the Whitbread Prize for fiction in 1989. Kenji Nener is a Japanese triathlete. He competed in the men's event at the 2020 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan. He also competed in the mixed relay event. Nener was born in Australia to an Australian father and a Japanese mother. He initially represented his country of birth, but switched allegiances when he was granted Japanese citizenship in 2021. Nener also competes in Super League Triathlon races. Nener's biggest success in Super League racing came in 2022, when he finished 3rd at SLT Toulouse, Super League's first ever event in France. Zemeros emesoides is a small butterfly that belongs to the family Riodinidae. Historically Speaking was an academic journal and the official bulletin of The Historical Society in Boston, Massachusetts. It stopped publication in 2014. Prior to that it was published five times per year by the Johns Hopkins University Press. Théodore Roustan, complete name Justin Théodore Dominique Roustan, was a diplomat and official of the French colonial empire. In geometry and combinatorics, an arrangement of hyperplanes is an arrangement of a finite set A of hyperplanes in a linear, affine, or projective space S. Questions about a hyperplane arrangement A generally concern geometrical, topological, or other properties of the complement, M(A), which is the set that remains when the hyperplanes are removed from the whole space. One may ask how these properties are related to the arrangement and its intersection semilattice. The intersection semilattice of A, written L(A), is the set of all subspaces that are obtained by intersecting some of the hyperplanes; among these subspaces are S itself, all the individual hyperplanes, all intersections of pairs of hyperplanes, etc. (excluding, in the affine case, the empty set). These intersection subspaces of A are also called the flats of A. The intersection semilattice L(A) is partially ordered by reverse inclusion. Boris Theodore Pash was a United States Army military intelligence officer. He commanded the Alsos Mission during World War II and retired with the rank of colonel. The 153rd Military Police Company is a unit in the Delaware Army National Guard. The 153rd MP Company, founded in 1996, is home stationed at Fort DuPont in Delaware City, Delaware. Since 1996, the 153rd has conducted missions in Panama, Saudi Arabia, Italy, Germany, Iraq, Kuwait, Afghanistan, and other locations across the United States. Zhuozhou railway station is a station on Beijing–Guangzhou railway in Zhuozhou, Baoding, Hebei. The Mosara Garden or el-Mosara was a vast royal garden to the north of Fes el-Jdid, the historic citadel and palace-city of the Marinid dynasty in Fes, Morocco. The gardens were created by the Marinid sultan Abu Ya'qub Yusuf in 1286 and became famous in part because of a huge noria (waterwheel) that was created to provide it with water. The gardens were abandoned and progressively ruined during the Saadian period and have since disappeared, leaving only traces in a few structures such as Bab Segma. Estádio José Alvalade (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɨʃˈtaðju ʒuˈzɛ alvɐˈlaðɨ]; is a football stadium in Lisbon, Portugal, home of Sporting Clube de Portugal. It was built adjacent to the site of the older stadium. The stadium is named after José Alvalade, the founder and first club member of Sporting CP in the early twentieth century. "Ngoi Ngoi" is a song by Pātea Māori Club. Originally included in the band's 1987 debut album Poi E, it was released as a single in 1988. A Māori language pop/Gospel song, it was written as a tribute to lyricist Ngoi Pēwhairangi by Dalvanius Prime and people from her community in Tokomaru Bay who were close to her. The single did not chart in the top 40 singles in New Zealand, however, it was nominated for Best Polynesian Album at the 1988 New Zealand Music Awards. Wysoka Strzyżowska is the largest village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Strzyżów and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów. Maria Gevorgyan is an Armenian chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster. She is a four-time Armenian Women Chess Champion. Niño Josele is a Spanish guitarist, and exponent of the New flamenco style. Emily Adams Bode Aujla is an American fashion designer and the founder of BODE. The Lakemba Mosque, also known as the Masjid Ali Bin Abi Talib and officially the Imam Ali bin Abi Taleb Mosque, is a Sunni Islam mosque, located at 71-75 Wangee Road, Lakemba, in suburban Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. It is Australia's largest mosque. Owned and managed by the Lebanese Muslim Association (LMA), Lakemba Mosque and the LMA offices are situated contiguously at the same address. Puy-Malsignat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France. CESAER is a non-profit association of universities of science and technology in Europe. CESAER was founded on 10 May 1990, seated in the Castle of Arenberg in Leuven, Belgium. The association has 58 universities of science and technology in 28 countries. The name CESAER was formed as an abbreviation for "Conference of European Schools for Advanced Engineering Education and Research", but today only the short form CESAER is used. Wies van Dongen was a Dutch professional racing cyclist. He rode in two editions of the Tour de France, retiring both in 1955 and 1956. The Texas and New Orleans Railroad (TNO) was an American rail company in Texas and Louisiana. It operated 3,713 miles (5,975 km) of railroad in 1934; by 1961, 3,385 miles (5,448 km) remained when it merged with parent company Southern Pacific. I Would Like to See You Again is an album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1978. The title track peaked at No. 12 on the singles chart, while "There Ain't No Good Chain Gang" reached No. 2; the album peaked at No. 23. The album features a pair of duets with Waylon Jennings, one of which was the "There Ain't No Good Chain Gang" single; it was one of Cash's first collaborations with Jennings, and the two recorded songs together throughout the 1980s, including a separate album entitled Heroes. Cash and Jennings would also work together as the Highwaymen with Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson. Life release, also known as merit release, mercy release, fangsheng or prayer animal release, is a Buddhist practise of releasing animals held captive with the presumed intention of saving their lives, if they were destined for slaughter, or of giving them back their freedom, as animals nowadays are commonly sold with the explicit purpose to be released for making merit, along with gaining personal merit, or good luck, by performing the act. This practise is performed by all schools of Buddhism: Theravada, Mahayana and Vajrayana. It is known as "Tsethar" in Tibetan Buddhism. Elaine is a name shared by several female characters in Arthurian legend, where they can also appear under different names depending on the source. They include Elaine of Astolat and Elaine of Corbenic among others. Oued El Kheïr is a town and commune in Mostaganem Province, Algeria. It is located in Aïn Tédelès District. According to the 1998 census it has a population of 14,700. Ness Ziona is a city in Central District, Israel. In 2022 it had a population of 50,341, and its jurisdiction was 15,579 dunams (15.579 km2 [6.015 sq mi]). Borden County Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Gail, Texas, United States. The district serves all of Borden County with the exception of a small southwestern portion, which is served by the Sands Consolidated Independent School District. A small portion of Howard County lies within the district. A township in Quebec, Canada, is a cadastral division of the land. The township system was implemented by the British government to facilitate the granting of public lands for settlement by populations of European background, particularly Loyalists from the American Revolution. Townships were initially also a unit of local government, but that is no longer the case. Townships are now used solely for land description and do not have a governmental function. The 2008–09 Iowa State Cyclones women's basketball team represented Iowa State University in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. A member of the Big 12 Conference in the North Division, Iowa State played home games at the Hilton Coliseum in Ames, Iowa. Under 14th year head coach Bill Fennelly, Iowa State finished the season 27–9, including an 11–5 record in Big 12 play for a third place tie in conference standings, with a no. 11 ranking in the final Coaches Poll. In the 2009 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament, Iowa State advanced to the Elite Eight round for the second time in program history. Investigating Sex is a 2001 comedy-drama film written and directed by Alan Rudolph, starring Neve Campbell, Til Schweiger, Nick Nolte and Dermot Mulroney. The film is based on Investigating Sex: Surrealist Research 1928-1932, a book of Surrealist writers' discussions about sex led by André Breton and compiled by Jose Pierre. Sainte-Marie-de-Gosse is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. The Return of Peter Grimm is a 1926 American silent fantasy film directed by Victor Schertzinger based on the 1911 play of the same name by David Belasco. It was produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation. Sains-lès-Pernes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France about 27 miles (43 km) northwest of Arras, close to the town of Pernes. It is the source of the river Clarence, at a place known as "Le Buich". UFC 287: Pereira vs. Adesanya 2 was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on April 8, 2023, at the Kaseya Center in Miami, Florida, United States. Charoen Wattanasin is a former badminton player from Thailand who won international championships in the late 1950s and early 1960s. I Love You is a lost 1918 silent film drama directed by Walter Edwards and starring Alma Rubens. The film was produced and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation. William Jennings Dyess was an American diplomat who served as Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs from 1980 to 1981 and as United States Ambassador to the Netherlands from 1982 to 1983. The dorsal radioulnar ligament extends between corresponding surfaces on the dorsal aspect of the distal radioulnar articulation. Russel E. Caflisch is an American mathematician. In the 1831 Supreme Court of the United States case Cherokee Nation v. Georgia Chief Justice of the United States John Marshall wrote that Native Americans in the United States were "domestic dependent nations" whose relationship to the United States is like that of a "ward to its guardian". The case was a landmark decision which led to the United States recognizing over 574 federally recognized tribal governments and 326 Indian reservations which are legally classified as domestic dependent nations with tribal sovereignty rights. The Star Packer is a 1934 Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne, George "Gabby" Hayes, Yakima Canutt, and Verna Hillie. Lucia Slaničková-Vadlejch is a retired Slovak athlete who specialises in the heptathlon. Jaime Federico Said Camil de Saldanha da Gama is a Mexican actor, singer and television personality. He is best known for his roles as Fernando Mendiola in La Fea Más Bella and Rogelio de la Vega in Jane the Virgin, the latter of which brought him two nominations for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. Sigrid Maurer is an Austrian politician, and former student representative, (GRAS). Since 7 January of 2020 she serves as the club chairwoman of the Austrian Greens and is a member of the Austrian national council since 2019 and before between 2013 and 2017. Apteroloma is a genus of primitive carrion beetles in the family Agyrtidae. There are about 14 described species in Apteroloma. Lütfi Elvan is a Turkish politician. Elvan has served as the Minister of Finance and Treasury of Turkey from November 2020 to December 2021. He previously served as the Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication from 2013 to 2015. He has served as a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Karaman from 2007 to June 2015, for Antalya from June to November 2015 and for Mersin since November 2015. He is a member of the Justice and Development Party. The 53rd Test and Evaluation Group is a group of the United States Air Force. It is a part of the 53rd Wing, and is headquartered at Nellis AFB, Nevada. Hugh Reilly was an American actor who performed on the Broadway stage, in films, and on television. He is best remembered for co-starring from 1958 to 1964 as the father, Paul Martin, in the CBS television series, Lassie. Gino Rovere was an Italian racing driver. He competed in 20 races between 1934 and 1938 in Alfa Romeo's, Maserati's and Bugatti's. In 1936 he invested in Officine Alfieri Maserati, at the same time assigning his protégé Giuseppe Farina as chairman. Kyōto 2nd district is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan. It is located in central Kyoto and consists of the Kyoto city wards of Sakyō, Higashiyama and Yamashina. As of 2012, 267,926 eligible voters were registered in the district. Killinge is a village in Valga Parish, Valga County in Estonia. Banke District (Nepali: बाँके जिल्ला, romanized: Bām̐kē jillā;, a part of Lumbini Province, is one of the 77 districts of Nepal. The district, located in midwestern Nepal with Nepalganj as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,337 km2 and had a population of 385,840 in 2001 and 491,313 in 2011. There are three main cities in the Banke District: Nepalganj, Kohalpur and Khajura Bajaar. Endriejavas is a small town in Klaipėda County, in northwestern Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 640 people. James Milton Cleveland was an American jazz trombonist born in Wartrace, Tennessee. Muirfield is a privately owned golf links which is the home of The Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers. Located in Gullane, East Lothian, Scotland, overlooking the Firth of Forth, Muirfield is one of the golf courses used in rotation for The Open Championship. Carlos Joel Salcedo Hernández, also known as El Titán, is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Liga MX club Monterrey. Luís Filipe Marques Amado is a Portuguese politician who served as Minister of Defence, from 2005 to 2006, and Minister of Foreign Affairs, from 2006 to 2011, in the XVII and XVIII Constitutional Governments of Portugal, led by the Socialist Party. On 30 June 2007, he succeeded to the EU Council Presidency on behalf of Portugal. Thomas W. Piper, known as The Boston Belfry Murderer, was a Canadian-born American murderer who murdered two underage girls between 1873 and 1875 in Massachusetts and confessed to having done such to one other. He was subsequently hanged for his crimes. Mansfield Park is a 1999 British romantic comedy-drama film based on Jane Austen's 1814 novel of the same name, written and directed by Patricia Rozema. The film departs from the original novel in several respects. For example, the life of Jane Austen is incorporated into the film, as are the issues of slavery and West Indian plantations. The majority of the film was filmed on location at Kirby Hall in Northamptonshire. Mahmood Hussain was a Pakistani cricketer who played in 27 Test matches from 1952 to 1962. He was a fast medium bowler who partnered with Fazal Mahmood, after Khan Mohammad retired from Test cricket. He made an unforgettable 35 at the Ferozshah Kotla, New Delhi in 1961, which saved Pakistan from certain defeat. Bhala Thandanana is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language action-thriller film directed by Chaitanya Dantluri and written by Srikanth Vissa. The film is produced by Rajani Korrapati under the banner Vaaraahi Chalana Chitram. The film stars Sree Vishnu, Catherine Tresa, and Ramachandra Raju in lead roles. The music is composed by Mani Sharma with cinematography by Suresh Ragutu and editing by Marthand K. Venkatesh. The film released on 6 May 2022. Admiral Scheer was a Deutschland-class heavy cruiser which served with the Kriegsmarine (Navy) of Nazi Germany during World War II. The vessel was named after Admiral Reinhard Scheer, German commander in the Battle of Jutland. She was laid down at the Reichsmarinewerft shipyard in Wilhelmshaven in June 1931 and completed by November 1934. Originally classified as an armored ship by the Reichsmarine, in February 1940 the Germans reclassified the remaining two ships of this class as heavy cruisers. Dvorište is a village in the municipality of Šabac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 282 people. Dudleya acuminata is a species of succulent perennial plant in the family Crassulaceae known by common name as the Vizcaino liveforever. A rosette-forming leaf succulent, it has reddish yellow flowers that emerge from April to May. It is native to the Pacific coast of the Vizcaino Desert on the Baja California Peninsula, and on neighboring islands. Seryshevsky District is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty in Amur Oblast, Russia. The area of the district is 3,805 square kilometers (1,469 sq mi). Its administrative center is the urban locality of Seryshevo. Population: 25,725 (2010 Census); 29,440 ; 35,969 (1989 Soviet census). The population of Seryshevo accounts for 42.0% of the district's population. Mladen Bestvina is a Croatian-American mathematician working in the area of geometric group theory. He is a Distinguished Professor in the Department of Mathematics at the University of Utah. El man es Germán is a Colombian comedy-drama television series created by Juan Manuel Cáceres for RCN Televisión. The series is a spin-off of the Colombian telenovela Las detectivas y el Víctor. The plot focuses on the fun situations that punk rock Germán Quintero, and his friends and family live on a daily basis. The series original aired from 20 December 2010 to 6 February 2012. On 1 October 2018 it was confirmed that the series would be revived for a four-season, which premiered on 20 May 2019, and ended on 20 December 2019. Rubha an Dùnain or Rubh' an Dùnain is an uninhabited peninsula to the south of the Cuillin hills on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. It contains unique archaeological sites which in 2017 were designated as a historic monument of national importance by Historic Environment Scotland. Annette Frances Braun was an American entomologist and leading authority on microlepidoptera, a grouping of mostly small and nocturnal moths. Her special interest was leaf miners: moths whose larvae live and feed from within a leaf. Sir Harry Smith Community College is a secondary school in Whittlesey, Cambridgeshire. Opened in 1953 on the former site of the Whittlesey Workhouse, the College is named after 19th Century English Army General Sir Harry Smith who was born in Whittlesey, and whose grave is situated in the cemetery adjacent to the school. The college, originally known simply as the Sir Harry Smith School, specialises in science and mathematics. Richard Green is a Canadian comedy writer, producer, director and performer. He is most well known as co-creator of The Red Green Show, creator of ADD & Loving It?!, creator of History Bites, founder of Rick Wants to Know, and co-founder of comedy troupe The Frantics. Green also hosted Prisoners of Gravity on TVOntario. Candy Coated Fury is the eighth studio album by the American ska punk band Reel Big Fish, released on July 31, 2012. The cover art was made by artist Thom Foolery. The album was recorded at the band's personal studio in Orange, California. JHW-007 is a cocaine analogue and a high affinity atypical dopamine reuptake inhibitor that is being researched for the treatment of cocaine addiction. JHW-007 has been found to blunt the psychostimulant effects of cocaine and reduce self-administration in rodents. JHW-007 exposure has been shown to block the conditioned place preference effects of cocaine. JHW-007 may directly antagonize the autoregulatory dopamine D2 receptor, a hypothesis that was developed following the observation of JHW-007's ability to inhibit D2 receptor-mediated currents in the midbrain. The first USS Algorma (AT-34) was laid down on 6 January 1919 at Port Richmond, NY, by the Staten Island Shipbuilding Co.; launched on 12 June 1919; and commissioned on 15 May 1920 at the New York Navy Yard, Brooklyn, NY. Tarsiiformes are a group of primates that once ranged across Europe, northern Africa, Asia, and North America, but whose extant species are all found in the islands of Southeast Asia. Tarsiers are the only living members of the infraorder; other members of Tarsiidae include the extinct Tarsius eocaenus from the Eocene, and Tarsius thailandicus from the Miocene. Two extinct genera, Xanthorhysis and Afrotarsius, are considered to be close relatives of the living tarsiers, and are generally classified within Tarsiiformes, with the former grouped within family Tarsiidae, and the latter listed as incertae sedis (undefined). Omomyids are generally considered to be extinct relatives, or even ancestors, of the living tarsiers, and are often classified within Tarsiiformes. Polly A. Peyer is a retired major general in the U.S. Air Force. She previously commanded the Warner Robins Air Logistics Center at Robins AFB in Warner Robins, Georgia. The Mont Mézenc is a summit of the Massif Central, France. Valmiera county was a historic county of Latvia. Its capital was Valmiera (Wolmar). The English Baptist Church is a Grade II-listed Baptist church in the town of Abercarn, Caerphilly, Wales. It was built in the mid-nineteenth century to give the Baptists a church of their own. The building was extensively remodelled later in the century. Monoctenia is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae erected by Achille Guenée in 1857. All species are found in Australia. Martha "Marty" Goddard was an American crime victims' advocate who was instrumental in developing the rape test kit, used to methodically collect forensic evidence from victims of rape. Uch-Bulak previously known as Churbek is a village in the Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan. It is part of the Leylek District. Its population was 1,085 in 2021. Gonialosa is a genus of gizzard shads that are found in the rivers of South and Southeast Asia. There are currently three described species. Mouzeil is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in the Pays de la Loire in western France. The Pelham Parkway station is a station on the IRT Dyre Avenue Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of Pelham Parkway North and the Esplanade in the Bronx, it is served by the 5 train at all times. This station was built as part of the New York, Westchester and Boston Railway (NYW&B), and opened in 1912. This station closed in 1937 with the NYW&B, but reopened in 1941 as a subway station after the portion of the line in the Bronx was purchased by New York City. Zakynthos or Zante, is a city and a former municipality on the island of Zakynthos, Ionian Islands, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Zakynthos, of which it is a municipal unit. It is the capital of the island of Zakynthos. Apart from the official name Zakynthos, it is also called Chora, a common denomination in Greece when the name of the island itself is the same as the name of the principal town. Archbishop Angaelos is the Coptic Orthodox Archbishop of London and is the official representative of Pope Tawadros II to the UK. Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, Datong is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Datong, Shanxi, China. Exosome complex exonuclease MTR3 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the EXOSC6 gene. Welesley Antonio Simplicio known as Neneca is a retired Brazilian football goalkeeper who is currently goalkeeping manager the Persian Gulf Pro League club Persepolis. Ricardo Martínez de Hoyos was a Mexican painter noted for his figurative work on unreal atmospheres. He was one of several children from a very large family to make a mark in his field, along with Oliverio in sculpture and Jorge in acting. His work was exhibited in various parts of the world, featured in collective tours of Mexican art. Individually, he exhibited mostly in Mexico including important venues such as the Museo de Arte Moderno and the Palacio de Bellas Artes, which held a tribute to the artist in 1994. Since his death, a cultural center named after him has been established in the historic center of Mexico City. A parasite aircraft is a component of a composite aircraft which is carried aloft and air launched by a larger carrier aircraft or mother ship to support the primary mission of the carrier. The carrier craft may or may not be able to later recover the parasite during flight. The Tema Oil Refinery (TOR) is one of two crude oil refineries in Ghana. In 1977, the Government of Ghana became the sole shareholder. The name of the refinery was changed to the Tema Oil Refinery in 1991. The refinery was first named the Ghanaian Italian Petroleum Company (GHAIP). The Marble Arch, also Arch of the Philaeni, formerly known in Libya as El Gaus, was a monument in Libya built during the days of Italian colonization. The arch marked the border between Tripolitania and Cyrenaica, and was located on the Via Balbia near Ra's Lanuf. The factory building of the Białystok Association of Manufacture is a structure in Białystok, Poland. It was owned by Becker & Co., a German company. The factory contributed to the historical textile industry in Białystok, and it is on the register of monuments in Poland. Maria Kurjo is a German diver. She competed in the 10 metre platform event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing in 17th place. At the 2016 Summer Olympics, she competed in the 10 m platform event. She finished 21st in the preliminary round and did not advance to the semifinal. The NHK Spring Mitsuzawa Football Stadium is an association football stadium in Kanagawa-ku, Yokohama, Japan. It serves as a home ground of Yokohama FC and, on occasion, Yokohama F. Marinos. Until 1999 it had been the home of Yokohama FC's spiritual predecessor, Yokohama Flügels, and also, on occasion, of Kawasaki-based NKK FC. The stadium holds 15,454 people. The G series was the first rolling stock of rapid transit cars used on the Toronto subway, built 1953–1959 by the Gloucester Railway Carriage and Wagon Company of Gloucester, England, for the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) of Toronto, Canada. Chris Vogelzang is a Dutch business executive who was the CEO of Danske Bank before his resignation was announced on 19 April 2021. A statue of Benjamin Franklin stands outside Franklin High School, in Portland, Oregon's South Tabor neighborhood, in the United States. A work by the sculptor George Berry and his assistants, it was installed in 1942. Aslan bey Gardashov Aliagha oglu was an Azerbaijani statesman who served as Minister of Agriculture in the fourth cabinet of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and was member of Parliament of Azerbaijan. Spanish Train and Other Stories is the second album by Chris de Burgh, released by A&M Records in 1975. Skeleton Antique is a slab serif wooden letterpress typeface designed by William Hamilton Page and first shown in his company's 1865 catalog. The face is nearly monoline in its stroke width and lacks the over-ornamentation typical of both Page's faces and of other nineteenth century letterpress types. Kenya competed at the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris from 26 July to 11 August 2024. Acta Musicologica is the official peer-reviewed journal of the International Musicological Society (IMS), which has its headquarters in Basel, Switzerland. It is published semiannually by the IMS and contains articles on musicological research of international importance. Acta is indexed and abstracted by all the major citation indexing services and bibliographic databases. Jack J. Pelton is an American aviation businessman who is chairman of the Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) since 2012 and its CEO since 2015. He was CEO of Cessna Aircraft Company from 2004 to 2011, a subsidiary of Textron Inc and now a brand of Textron Aviation. Before becoming Cessna's CEO, Pelton was its Senior Vice President of Product Engineering since 2000 and prior to that, Senior Vice President of Engineering and Programs at Fairchild Dornier. Previous to Fairchild, he worked at McDonnell Douglas for over two decades. Beneficence is a 1937 bronze statue on the campus of Ball State University, located in Muncie, Indiana. The statue, by sculptor Daniel Chester French, is referred to as Benny by students. Pededze Parish is an administrative unit of Alūksne Municipality, Latvia. It contains the tri-border between Estonia, Latvia and Russia Beach Bunny is an American rock band formed in 2015 in Chicago, Illinois. Initially a solo project by guitarist and vocalist Lili Trifilio, Beach Bunny became a full band in 2017. The group achieved widespread popularity after their 2018 song "Prom Queen" went viral on TikTok in late 2019. Their 2020 song "Cloud 9" also went viral on TikTok in 2021. Ethiopia competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics, in Nanjing, China from 16 August to 28 August 2014. The Library Company of Philadelphia (LCP) is a non-profit organization based on Locust Street in Center City Philadelphia. Founded as a library in 1731 by Benjamin Franklin, the Library Company of Philadelphia has accumulated one of the most significant collections of historically valuable manuscripts and printed material in the United States. Charles Alfred Miller is an American computer security researcher with Cruise Automation. Prior to his current employment, he spent five years working for the National Security Agency and has worked for Uber. The Waterpoort or Hoogendster Pijp is a water gate, a gate in a defensive wall that connects a city to a waterway. It is situated in Sneek, the Netherlands. "We Got Us" is the debut single by American country music singer Canaan Smith, released in January 2012. Smith co-wrote the song with Stephen Barker Liles and Tommy Lee James. Harvest: Massive Encounter is a real-time strategy video game from independent developer and publisher Oxeye Game Studio. It was released on March 5, 2008. The game was awarded a second place in the Swedish Game Awards 2007. Goto Maki Premium Best 1 is the first compilation album by solo singer and former Morning Musume and Petit Moni member Maki Goto. A linoleum knife is a small knife that has a short, stiff blade with a curved point and a handle and is used to cut linoleum or other sheet materials such as wood panelling,wood veneer, and mica sheets. Linus Fröberg is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Luleå HF in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). Hendrik Pieter Maarten Hijink is a Dutch politician who has served as a Socialist Party member of the House of Representatives from 23 March 2017 until 20 April 2023. Walter Gustav Url was an Austrian scientist and academic. As Professor Emeritus in the Faculty of Life Sciences of the University of Vienna, he was notable for his work on membranes, plant physiology, and scientific film. The Zhelon is a river in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine and Gomel Region, Belarus. It is a right tributary of the Pripyat River and approximately 113 km (70 mi) long. The Seminary of Pamplona is the catholic seminary of that city, opened in 1931 and designed by the architect Víctor Eusa Razquin. West Menlo Park is a census-designated place and an Unincorporated community in San Mateo County, California, located between the majority of City of Menlo Park, the Town of Atherton, the Sharon Heights neighborhood of Menlo Park and Stanford University. As of the 2020 census, the community had a population of 3,930. "Heavy Is the Head" is the season premiere of the fifth season of the American political thriller television series Scandal, and the 70th episode overall. It aired on September 24, 2015, on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States. The episode was written by showrunner Shonda Rhimes and directed by executive producer Tom Verica. The episode focuses on the newly mended relationship with Olivia and Fitz, in addition to the scandal in which the Princess of Caledonia is killed and Olivia is hired to make sure the royal family's private life stays private. Surfing with the Alien is the second studio album by American rock guitarist Joe Satriani. It was released on October 15, 1987, by Relativity Records. The album is one of Satriani's most successful to date and helped establish his reputation as a respected rock guitarist. Dongseon-dong (Korean: 동선동) is a dong in the district of Seongbuk District, in Seoul, South Korea. Rolde is a village in the Dutch province of Drenthe. Located in the municipality of Aa en Hunze, it lies about 6 km (3.7 mi) east of Assen. In 2021, Rolde had a population of 3,905. Nebraska Highway 89 is a highway in southern Nebraska. Its western terminus is at U.S. Highway 83 west of Danbury. Its eastern terminus is at an intersection with U.S. Highway 183 south of Alma. Dobie v Temporalities Board is a Canadian constitutional law case. It was decided in 1881 by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, at that time the highest court in the British Empire, including Canada. The case concerned the power of the provinces and the federal Parliament to deal with legal rights created by statutes enacted prior to Confederation in 1867. Rugby World Cup 2015 is a rugby union video game developed by HB Studios. San Mateo Mesa is located in McKinley County, New Mexico, approximately 5 miles northwest of San Mateo. There are two large mesas, called San Mateo Mesa South and San Mateo Mesa North. Marinduque's at-large congressional district, also known as Marinduque's lone district, is the sole congressional district of the Philippines in the province of Marinduque. Marinduque has been represented in the country's various national legislatures since 1898. The first congressional delegation consisted of two members in the First Philippine Republic legislature known as the Malolos Congress. Since 1922 when it was re-established as a regular province separate from Tayabas, Marinduque has been entitled to one member in the House of Representatives of the Philippines, elected provincewide at-large, except for a brief period between 1943 and 1944 when it was again eliminated and included as part of Tayabas's at-large representation for the National Assembly of the Second Philippine Republic. Bohpa is a monotypic genus of wasps belonging to the family Ceidae. The only species is Bohpa maculata. Systellonotus is a genus of true bugs belonging to the family Miridae. Tlilapan is a municipality located in the central zone in the Mexican state of Veracruz, about 85 kilometres (53 mi) from the state capital of Xalapa. It has an area of 23.85 square kilometres (9.21 sq mi). It is located at 18°48′N 97°06′W. The name comes from the Náhuatl language, meaning “Black creek ". The village has existed since the 16th century and, following national independence, and was designated a municipality along with Orizaba, San Andrés Tenejapan, San Francisco Necoxtla, and San Juan del Rio. The municipal cemetery was established in 1880 and, in 1916 the first Municipal President was named. Jonathan Jäger is a French former professional footballer who played as a striker. The Georgia Martyrs are five Spanish Friars Minor murdered in September 1597 "in hatred of the faith" while conducting missionary work in Spanish Florida. Their particular mission took place in what is now the State of Georgia. As of January 2025, they have been formally declared martyrs by the Catholic Church and are set to be beatified. Adam Lamb Turner, known by his stage name Beat Assailant, is an American musical artist known for fusing hip hop with jazz, funk, and other musical genres, which Celeste Rhoads of Allmusic writes "push the boundaries of hip-hop". Rain or Shine, a song off his 2012 album B, is featured in a commercial for the 2013 Nissan Juke. The Sapua Dam is built on the Sapua, a small Indian river which is a tributary of the Mahanadi River. It is located near Rasol in the Hindol block of Odisha’s Dhenkanal district. The Dam built at the starting point of the river. The Sapua Dam is built for water reserve. It is located near Dandiri village, but the dam is situated in the Rasol panchayat area. The dam stands strongly by two small mountains. The Scott Brownlee Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge in West Finley, Pennsylvania. It is designated as a historic bridge by the Washington County History & Landmarks Foundation. The 1981 Arizona State Sun Devils baseball team represented Arizona State University in the 1981 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Sun Devils played their home games at Packard Stadium. The team was coached by Jim Brock in his 10th season at Arizona State. Football Club Megasport were a Kazakh professional football club based in Almaty. The club was founded in 2005. They were members of Kazakhstan Premier League. At the end of 2008, they merged with Alma-Ata to form Lokomotiv Astana. The Attack is a painting by the Finnish artist Edvard Isto, one of the most famous Finnish paintings. The painting represents the Russian double-headed eagle attacking the Finnish Maiden trying to rob her of her book of laws. The painting was completed in 1899, the same year when emperor Nicholas II of Russia gave his publication known as the February Manifesto. The name of the painting was suggested by Emmi Ajo, wife of Isto's good friend Benjamin Ajo. The Attack spread as prints all over Finland. Isto had thousands of prints made of his painting in both Finland and Germany. Hav Plenty (Music From the Motion Picture) is the soundtrack to Christopher Scott Cherot's 1997 romantic comedy film Hav Plenty. It was released on June 9, 1998, through Yab Yum Records/550 Music/Sony Music Soundtrax and consisted of mainly contemporary R&B with some hip hop music. The soundtrack peaked at 39 on the Billboard 200 and 6 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Fort Morrow Army Airfield is a former United States Army airfield and radar station located six nautical miles northeast of the central business district of Port Heiden, in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Following its closure and remediation of toxic substances, it was redeveloped into Port Heiden Airport. Allison Amend is an American novelist and short story writer. The Lake Havasu Unified School District is the school district headquartered in Lake Havasu City, Arizona. The superintendent is Rebecca Stone, PhD. The 2019–20 Little Rock Trojans men's basketball team represented the University of Arkansas at Little Rock in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Trojans, were led by 2nd-year head coach Darrell Walker, play their home games at the Jack Stephens Center in Little Rock, Arkansas as members of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 21–10, 15–5 in Sun Belt play to win the Sun Belt regular season championship. They were the No. 1 seed in the Sun Belt tournament, however, the tournament was cancelled amid the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the Sun Belt Tournament cancellation, they were awarded the Sun Belt's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. However, the NCAA Tournament was also cancelled due to the same outbreak. Stenophryneta is a monotypic beetle genus in the family Cerambycidae described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1907. Its only species, Stenophryneta variegata, was described by the same author in the same year. Enver Marić is a Bosnian former professional football goalkeeper and retired football manager. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest goalkeepers from the former Yugoslavia of all time. The California tiger salamander is a vulnerable amphibian native to California. It is a mole salamander. Previously considered to be a subspecies of the tiger salamander, the California tiger salamander was recently designated a separate species again. The California tiger salamander distinct population segment (DPS) in Sonoma County and the Santa Barbara County DPS are listed as federally endangered, while the Central California DPS is listed as federally threatened. The Sonoma County, south San Joaquin, and the Santa Barbara County DPS have diverged from the rest of the California tiger salamander populations for over one million years, since the Pleistocene and they may warrant status as separate species. William Dawson Waugh was an American soldier and paramilitary operations officer whose career in clandestine operations with both the U.S. Army's Special Forces and the Central Intelligence Agency's Special Activities Division spanned more than 50 years. Prazeres Cemetery is one of the largest cemeteries in Lisbon, Portugal; it is located in the freguesia of Estrela, in western Lisbon. It is considered to be one of the most beautiful and famous cemeteries in the world. It is home to the Mausoleum of the Dukes of Palmela, the largest mausoleum in Europe. N-myc proto-oncogene protein also known as N-Myc or basic helix-loop-helix protein 37 (bHLHe37), is a protein that in humans is encoded by the MYCN gene. Pere López Agràs is an Andorran politician and member of the Social Democratic Party. He served as acting prime minister of Andorra from April 28, 2011, until May 12, 2011. Just Like Our Parents is a 2017 Brazilian drama film directed by Laís Bodanzky. It was screened in the Panorama section at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival. The renaming of the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall in Taipei, Taiwan to National Taiwan Democracy Memorial Hall was announced by President Chen Shui-bian on 15 May 2007. The surrounding plaza was rededicated to democracy as Liberty Square. This move was condemned by the pan-blue media as a political move by the Democratic Progressive Party to denounce the historical heritage of the Republic of China. The site was renamed back to the original title of the "Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall" on 20 July 2009 when the Kuomintang came back in power. La Roche-en-Ardenne is a city and municipality of Wallonia located in the province of Luxembourg and the arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne, Belgium. Lying beside a bend in the River Ourthe, the small town of La Roche-en-Ardenne is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the Ardennes. Its name is derived from its position on a rock commanding the river. The Share My World Tour was the first headlining concert tour by American recording artist Mary J. Blige. It was launched in support of her multi-platinum third studio album Share My World (1997), and also contained material from her first and second studio albums What's the 411? (1992) and My Life (1994). The eight-month tour began on September 2, 1997, in the United States and continued through May 3, 1998. Concerts were held in North America and Europe. Cochliolepis is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Tornidae. Yevgeni Yevgenyevich Kozlov is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Shakhter Karagandy. The 2008 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 79th midseason exhibition between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and the National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was played at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx, New York City, home of the New York Yankees, on July 15, 2008, and began at 8:47 p.m. ET. The game ended at 1:38 a.m. ET the following morning. The home American League won 4–3 in 15 innings, giving home field advantage in the 2008 World Series to the AL champion, which eventually came to be the Tampa Bay Rays. Souled Out (2000) was the fourth and final Souled Out professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW). It took place on January 16, 2000, from the Firstar Center in Cincinnati, Ohio. The event would be replaced by Sin as the January pay-per-view the following year. As of 2015, this event is available on the WWE Network. Bairaag (transl. Renunciation) is a 1976 Hindi-language film. Produced by the duo Mushir-Riaz, it is directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Dilip Kumar, who received a Filmfare nomination for Best Actor for playing a triple role. Bairaag also stars Saira Banu, Leena Chandavarkar, Ruma Guha Thakurta, Prem Chopra, Helen, Sujit Kumar, Madan Puri, Paintal, Kader Khan, Asit Sen and Sachin. Its music is by the duo Kalyanji Anandji, who received a Filmfare nomination for Best Music. The film received a Filmfare Award for Best Sound for P. Harikishan. The film failed to perform at the box office. It was Dilip Kumar's third consecutive failure at box-office, the first and only time in his career since Milan (1946). After this film, he went on an indefinite hiatus and returned after 4 years in Kranti (1981). An edge mill is a mill used for crushing or grinding in which stones roll around on their edges on a level circular bed. They were developed in China in the third century and are still used today in remote villages around the world. When the millstones were replaced with iron or steel disks in the 19th century, the mills were known as Chilean mills. Gernsback is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northeastern part of the uneven Mare Australe, just behind the southeastern limb. During periods of favorable libration this feature can be brought into view of the Earth, but it is seen from the side and not much detail can be observed. It is located about a crater diameter north of the larger crater Lamb, and southwest of Parkhurst. Financial Oversight and Management Board for Puerto Rico (FOMBPR), colloquially known as La Junta de Control/Supervisión Fiscal is a government entity whose role to revise and approve the budget and obligations of the government of Puerto Rico was created by federal law PROMESA. The General Certificate of Education (GCE) Ordinary Level, also called the O-level or O level, was a subject-based academic qualification. Introduced in 1951 as a replacement for the 16+ School Certificate (SC), the O-level would act as a pathway to the new, more in-depth and academically rigorous A-level, in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Later, the complementary and more vocational Certificate of Secondary Education (CSE) was added to broaden the subjects available and offer qualifications in non-academic subjects. Dawel Leoner Lugo Baez is a Dominican professional baseball infielder for the Olmecas de Tabasco of the Mexican League. He has previously played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers. Finlay "Fin" Roberts is a fictional character in the Australian soap opera Home and Away, portrayed by Tina Thomsen. She made her first appearance during the episode airing on 18 September 1991 and departed on 20 May 1994. Thomsen made return guest appearances in 1996 and 1997. Jessie Bullions portrayed a young Finlay in a flashback in 1997. The 2020–21 Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles men's basketball team represented Tennessee Technological University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Golden Eagles, led by second-year head coach John Pelphrey, played their home games at the Eblen Center in Cookeville, Tennessee as members of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC). The Bagrationi dynasty is a royal dynasty which reigned in Georgia from the Middle Ages until the early 19th century, being among the oldest extant Christian ruling dynasties in the world. In modern usage, the name of the dynasty is sometimes Hellenized and referred to as the Georgian Bagratids, also known in English as the Bagrations. Kibbeh safarjaliyeh or kibbeh bi'safarjaliyeh, is a dish of Syrian cuisine that consists of lamb or beef chunks as well as kibbeh in safarjaliyeh, a broth consisting of quince, pomegranate juice, pomegranate molasses, and beef broth. It is a variation of kibbeh, a common dish in Levantine cuisine. Raúl Tejón is a Spanish actor. His professional career has primarily focused on theater and television, with some forays into film, particularly in several short films. For television, his notable roles include the series Amar en tiempos revueltos, Vis a vis, La verdad, and Caronte. On stage, he has had the opportunity to interpret works by classic authors such as Calderón de la Barca or William Shakespeare. France Vinton Scholes was an American scholar and historian noted for his research on the history of New Spain, especially Spanish Yucatan and Southwestern United States. The United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa has jurisdiction over forty-seven of Iowa's ninety-nine counties. It is subject to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. The 1997–98 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of Arizona in the 1997–98 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The head coach was Lute Olson. The team played its home games in the McKale Center in Tucson, Arizona, and was a member of the Pacific-10 Conference. The Wildcats finished the season in first place in the Pacific-10 conference with a 17–1 record. Arizona reached the Elite Eight in the 1998 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament, losing to Utah 51-76 and finishing the season with a 30-5 record. Denton is a hamlet and former civil parish, now in the parish of Cuddesdon and Denton, in the South Oxfordshire district, in Oxfordshire, England. Denton's toponym is derived from the Old English den-tun meaning "valley farmstead". Denton is in a fold of the landscape, between the two hills on which Cuddesdon and Garsington stand. Denton is an ancient manor and had its own civil parish, but it was merged with neighbouring Cuddesdon in the 20th century. Tafelmusik is a term used since the mid-16th century for music played at feasts and banquets. Table music could be either instrumental, vocal, or both. As might be expected, it was often of a somewhat lighter character than music for other occasions. In solemn banquets, starting with wedding dinners, the presence of singers and instrumentalists is customary and almost obligatory. A late-night talk show is a genre of talk show, originating in the United States. It is generally structured around humorous monologues about the day's news, guest interviews, comedy sketches and music performances. It is characterized by spontaneous conversation, and for an effect of immediacy and intimacy as if the host were speaking directly to each member of the watching audience. Late-night talk shows are also fundamentally shaped by the personality of the host. Our Lady of Beauraing is the title of 33 Marian apparitions reported in Beauraing, Belgium, between November 1932 and January 1933 by five children whose ages ranged between 9 and 15. For several years after the apparitions, pilgrims flocked to the small town of Beauraing, province of Namur (Belgium), and many cures were claimed. She is celebrated under this title on 29 November. Nalhati is a town in Rampurhat subdivision of Birbhum District in the Indian state of West Bengal near the West Bengal / Jharkhand border. This town is named after the Shakti peeth Nalhateshwari temple, which according to the mythologies is situated where the "nala" i.e. throat of goddess Shakti had fallen. There is very poor standard of living. The sanitary conditions is below par. It is one of the 51 Shakti Peethas in India. Nalhati Municipality was established in 2000. Tarnac is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France. From 1724 to 1731, an Armenian rebellion occurred in Karabakh under the leadership of the Melikdoms of Karabakh. Initially directed against the collapsing Safavid state, it also fought against the Ottoman invasion of Eastern Armenia. Chronologically, it coincided with the Syunik rebellion. Saint Sarkis Monastery of Gag is a ruined, medieval Armenian Apostolic monastery in the Qazakh Rayon of the Republic of Azerbaijan. It is located about 500 metres to the east of the present-day border of Armenia, and four kilometres west of the village of Dash Salakhly. The monastery is built at the top of Gag Mountain, at an altitude of 922 metres above sea level and 420 metres from the foot of the mountain. Daniel Gravius (1616–1681) was a Dutch missionary to Formosa. He was a gifted linguist, who translated portions of the Bible and other Christian texts into the Siraya language. After falling out with Governor of Formosa Nicolas Verburg, he was accused of libel and censured. Later he was completely exonerated and returned to his native Netherlands with his reputation intact. Hickory Hill is a historic estate in Rockbridge County, Virginia. Cherryburn is a cottage in Mickley, Northumberland, England. It was the birthplace of Thomas Bewick, an English wood engraver and ornithologist. The cottage, its adjacent farmhouse and large grounds, have been managed by the National Trust since 1991 when they took over responsibility for the site from the Bewick Birthplace Trust. Cherryburn is open to the public. Marta Segarra Montaner is a Spanish philologist, university professor, and CNRS researcher who develops her work mainly in the fields of gender and sexuality studies, biopolitics and posthumanism, and cultural studies. In 2009, Segarra was awarded the Institució Catalana de Recerca i Estudis Avançats (ICREA) Acadèmia award for research excellence in the Catalan field. Joel Tanner Hart was an American sculptor. German submarine U-1105, a Type VII-C/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine, was built at the Nordseewerke Shipyard, Emden, Germany, and commissioned on 3 June 1944. Oberleutnant zur See Hans-Joachim Schwarz was given command. He would command U-1105 for the remainder of the war. Niger made its Paralympic Games début at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. It was represented by a single athlete, male sprinter Zoubeirou Issaka, who competed in the 100m race, in the T12 category for the nearly blind. His time of 13.90 was the slowest overall in the heats, ending his participation in the Games. The Commission on Filipinos Overseas (CFO) is an agency of the government of the Philippines under the Office of the President of the Philippines. CFO was established on June 16, 1980, through the enactment of Batas Pambansa Blg. 79. "The Sensual Santa" is a one-page comic strip by Daniel Clowes. It originally appeared in Eightball #14 and was reprinted in the Clowes collections Orgy Bound and Twentieth Century Eightball. Sheldon is a city in Ransom County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 95 at the 2020 census. Sheldon was founded in 1882. Bradycellus nigrinus is a species of ground beetle in the family Carabidae. It is found in North America. Scott Michael Strickland is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) relief pitcher who played for several teams between 1999 and 2010. El Turista is a studio album by the singer-songwriter Josh Rouse. The album was released by Rouse in 2010 via his Bedroom Classics label. John J. DeBerry Jr. is an American pastor and politician who served as a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives, representing District 90 from 1995 to 2021. Unlike many national Democrats, DeBerry is anti-abortion. Republican Governor Bill Lee appointed him to become his senior advisor in 2020. Soundtrack Pro is a discontinued music composing and audio editing application made by Apple Inc. It included a collection of just over 5,000 royalty free professional instrument loops and sound effects for use. The software was featured in the Logic Studio and Final Cut Studio software bundles; It was discontinued with the release of Final Cut Pro X, Motion 5, and Compressor 4. Monoclonius is an extinct genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur found in the Late Cretaceous layers of the Judith River Formation in Montana, United States, and the uppermost rock layers of the Dinosaur Park Formation in Alberta, Canada dated to between 75 and 74.6 million years ago. Dylan Lauren is an American businesswoman. She is the daughter of American fashion designer Ralph Lauren, and the owner of New York City's Dylan's Candy Bar, which claims to be the "largest candy store in the world". St. Benny the Dip is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. The film is also known as Escape If You Can in the United Kingdom. Iron Man 2 is a 2010 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures, it is the sequel to Iron Man (2008) and the third film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Directed by Jon Favreau and written by Justin Theroux, the film stars Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man alongside Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Rockwell, Mickey Rourke, and Samuel L. Jackson. Set six months after the events of Iron Man, the film follows Tony Stark as he resists calls from the United States government to hand over the Iron Man technology, which is causing his declining health. Meanwhile, Russian scientist Ivan Vanko (Rourke) uses his own version of the technology to pursue a vendetta against the Stark family. Anderson Collegiate Vocational Institute is located in Whitby, Ontario within the Durham District School Board. Established in 1960, the school has students in grades 9–12 and offers a wide range of academic and extracurricular activities. Anderson is the only high school in Whitby that offers the gifted program and thus acts as a magnet school, attracting students across the municipality. This program provides an enriched and accelerated curriculum for students in specific courses from grades 9–11. Anderson's feeder elementary schools are Bellwood Public School, C. E. Broughton Public School, Dr. Robert Thornton Public School, Julie Payette Public School, John Dryden public school, Pringle Creek Public School, and Jack Miner Public School. Waterhouses is a village in Brandon and Byshottles civil parish, in County Durham, England. It is situated to the west of Durham, near Esh Winning, on the northern Bank of the River Deerness. Matigramma is a genus of moths in the family Erebidae. The genus was erected by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1872. Portskewett railway station is a former station serving Portskewett, Wales, four miles south west of Chepstow and one mile east of Caldicot. It was opened as a broad gauge line with the South Wales Railway in 1850 and closed to passengers in 1964. Adelshofen is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany. Zakarpattia Oblast, also referred to as simply Zakarpattia or Transcarpathia in English, is an oblast located in the Carpathian Mountains in west Ukraine, mostly coterminous with the historical region of Carpathian Ruthenia. Its administrative centre is the city of Uzhhorod. Other major cities within the oblast include Mukachevo, Khust, Berehove, and Chop, the last of which is home to railroad transport infrastructure. William Meade was an American Episcopal bishop, the third Bishop of Virginia. Neo Planet is a Japanese simulation video game for the PlayStation. The game was developed by Map Japan and published by GungHo Online Entertainment and Map Japan. It was released in Japan on July 5, 1996. The game was rereleased in Japan for the PlayStation 3 on November 13, 2013, and in the United States on May 20, 2014. Ibrahim al-Hamdi was a Yemeni military officer who served as the third President of the Yemen Arab Republic from 13 June 1974 until his assassination on 11 October 1977. During his rule, he cemented the central government's control over the country, and planned to end tribal loyalty and Yemen's medieval social classes by proclaiming all Yemenis as equal. "A Letter to the Liberals" is an 1896 open letter by Leo Tolstoy denouncing not just Liberals, but all political factions that strive to exert political power over the masses. It is directed to Alexandra Kalmykov (1849–1926), a pedagogue who supported the aristocracy. The closing of a national literacy committee was the inspiration that brought Tolstoy to write it and it was written in an atmosphere where the Nihilist movement and the anti-aristocratic agitation was in full swing. The different Denominations of Christianity have variations in their teachings regarding the Holy Spirit. The Tashkent Rebellion was a 1917 conflict between revolutionary forces and loyalists of the Russian Provisional Government, which occurred in Tashkent, in what is now Uzbekistan. The events leading to the conflict began on 14 March 1917 [O.S. 1 March 1917], when local leader Aleksey Kuropatkin received word of the February Revolution. Rule shifted to various political parties in the city, and the Tashkent Soviet was created. As time progressed, Imperial officials were replaced, the soviet gained more power, and a regional soviet was created in addition to the existing council. The Russian Provisional Government began attempting to regain control in April, but the soviets tightly restricted its efforts. Many locals rallied in support of soviet power, and in September and October, conflict began between the parties, ending on 10 October [O.S. September 27]. C1 domain binds an important secondary messenger diacylglycerol (DAG), as well as the analogous phorbol esters. Phorbol esters can directly stimulate protein kinase C, PKC. Keren "Karolina" Avratz, professionally known as Karolina, is a singer-songwriter from Eilat, Israel. She is the lead singer of the trio Habanot Nechama. Veronica hectorii is a species of Veronica, endemic to New Zealand. Annabel Rose Langbein is a New Zealand celebrity cook, food writer and publisher. She has published over 30 cookbooks, and co-produced three seasons of her award-winning television series, Annabel Langbein The Free Range Cook, which launched on the TV One network in New Zealand and has since screened in more than 90 countries. Banyalbufar is a municipality on the Spanish Balearic island of Majorca. The town of the same name is the administrative seat of the municipality. It borders the municipalities of Estellencs, Puigpunyent, Esporles, and Valldemossa. Restless Natives is a 1985 Scottish adventure comedy film, directed by Michael Hoffman. William Sol Benson was an Esperantist. Wan Ahmad Fayhsal bin Wan Ahmad Kamal otherwise known as 'Wan Fayhsal', WAF or 'Mat Jargon', is a Malaysian politician who has served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Machang since November 2022. He served as the Deputy Minister of National Unity in the Barisan Nasional (BN) administration under former Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob and former Minister Halimah Mohamed Sadique from August 2021 to the collapse of the BN administration in November 2022. Prior to that he was Deputy Minister of Youth and Sports in the Perikatan Nasional (PN) administration under former Prime Minister Muhyiddin Yassin and former Minister Reezal Merican Naina Merican from March 2020 to the collapse of the PN administration in August 2021. He previously served as a Senator from March 2020 to his resignation in November 2022. He is a Supreme Council Member of the Malaysian United Indigenous Party (BERSATU), a component party of the PN coalition. He has also served as the 2nd Youth Chief of BERSATU from August 2020 to October 2024 and Deputy Youth Chief II of PN. Manage to get vote 26 pax for the recent youth Macang election. Holdre is a village in Tõrva Parish, Valga County in Estonia. 98 Degrees and Rising is the second album released by American boy band 98 Degrees. Released by Motown on October 20, 1998, it features the Billboard Hot 100 Top 5 singles "Because of You" (#3) and "The Hardest Thing" (#5), cover versions of Mark Wills' "I Do " and Michael Jackson's "She's Out of My Life", the duet "True to Your Heart" with label mate Stevie Wonder, which was featured on the soundtrack of the 1998 Disney film Mulan, and the song "Fly with Me", which was featured on the soundtrack album for the 1999 film Pokémon: The First Movie. "Slippin' Up, Slippin' Around" is a song composed by Terry Woodford and Barbara Wyrick. It was first recorded by American Christian and country music singer Cristy Lane. In 1979, it was released as a single via United Artists Records and became a major hit single on the American country chart. The song was later released Lane's 1979 studio record titled Simple Little Words. Diamond Frontier is a 1940 American adventure film directed by Harold D. Schuster and starring Victor McLaglen, John Loder and Anne Nagel. It was based on the story A Modern Monte Cristo by Stanley Rubin and Edmund L. Hartmann. The film's sets were designed by the art director Jack Otterson. The Out-of-Door Academy is a college preparatory school in Sarasota, Florida. It serves students in pre-kindergarten through grade 12 on two campuses in the Sarasota area, one on Siesta Key and one in Lakewood Ranch, the Upper School Uihlein Campus. Ludwig Wolff was a general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II who commanded the XXXIII Army Corps. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. Vichy France, officially the French State, was a French rump state headed by Marshal Philippe Pétain during World War II, established after the French capitulation after the defeat against Germany. It was named after its seat of government, the city of Vichy. Officially independent, but with half of its territory occupied under the harsh terms of the 1940 armistice with Nazi Germany, it adopted a policy of collaboration. Though Paris was nominally its capital, the government established itself in the resort town of Vichy in the unoccupied "free zone", where it remained responsible for the civil administration of France as well as its colonies. The occupation of France by Germany at first affected only the northern and western portions of the country. In November 1942, the Allies occupied the French North Africa, and in response the Germans and Italians occupied the entire Metropolitan France, ending any pretence of independence by the Vichy government. Virtue Oboro is a Nigerian entrepreneur, and co-founder of Tiny Hearts Technology. In 2016, she developed and launched Crib ‘A Glow, an LED-lit portable crib that treats jaundice utilizing solar energy, and patented the innovation in 2017. Irnerius, sometimes referred to as lucerna juris, was an Italian jurist, and founder of the School of Glossators and thus of the tradition of medieval Roman Law. The Masonic Temple in Port Hope, Michigan is a fraternal lodge constructed in 1867. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. it is now used as the Rubicon Township Hall. Stefanos Sarafis was an officer of the Hellenic Army and Major General in EAM-ELAS, who played an important role during the Greek Resistance. Cable & Wireless plc v Muscat [2006] EWCA Civ 220 is a UK labour law case, concerning the test for an implied contract between an employee and a place they work through an employment agency. It holds that with reference to the reality of the relationship, an implied contract should be found according to the ordinary rules of construction. Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus was son of the Gnaeus Domitius Ahenobarbus who had been consul in 192 BC, was chosen pontifex in 172 BC when still a young man, and in 169 BC was sent with two others as commissioners into Macedonia. In 167 BC he was one of the ten commissioners for arranging the affairs of Macedonia in conjunction with Aemilius Paulus; and when the consuls of 162 BC abdicated on account of some fault in the auspices in their election, he and Cornelius Lentulus were chosen consuls in their stead. Otto Riedl Tenement is a habitation building located at 2 Świętojańska Street, in Bydgoszcz, Poland. Lambert of Maastricht, commonly referred to as Saint Lambert, was the bishop of Maastricht-Liège (Tongeren) from about 670 until his death. Lambert denounced Pepin's liaison with his mistress or bigamous wife Alpaida, the mother of Charles Martel. The bishop was murdered during the political turmoil that developed when various families fought for influence as the Merovingian dynasty gave way to the Carolingians. He is considered a martyr for his defence of marriage. His feast day is September 17. ʿAbu al-Ḥasan Alāʾ al‐Dīn bin Alī bin Ibrāhīm bin Muhammad bin al-Matam al-Ansari, known as Ibn al-Shatir or Ibn ash-Shatir was an Arab astronomer, mathematician and engineer. He worked as muwaqqit in the Umayyad Mosque in Damascus and constructed a sundial for its minaret in 1371/72. Tamás Somorácz is a Hungarian canoeist. He won the 2016 European title in the K-4 500 m and a bronze medal at the 2015 World Championships in the K-2 500 m event. His team finished 11th in the K-4 1000 metres event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Casula railway station is located on the Main Southern line, serving the Sydney suburb of Casula. It is served by Sydney Trains' T2 Leppington & Inner West and T5 Cumberland line services. Norwegian South Africans are South African citizens of Norwegian ancestry. While most Norwegian emigrants moved to America, some people also moved to South Africa, Madagascar, Angola, and Mozambique. The number of Norwegians in the whole of Africa in 1920 was 998. The number rose to 1,107 by 1930; 651 Norwegians lived in South Africa and 147 in Madagascar. Official migration numbers from 1961 to 2005 are available. Steven Bryan is an Italian/English singer-songwriter. He has released two studio albums to date: One Way (2010) and Gravity Always Wins (2017). Olen is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp. The municipality comprises three towns, situated on a south–north axis:South of the motorway E313 and the Albert Canal is Olen proper, also called Olen-Centrum. Between the Albert Canal and Olen-station is the town of Boekel, also called Onze-Lieve-Vrouw-Olen (parish) or Achter-Olen (Behind-Olen). North of the railroad is the town of St.-Jozef-Olen (parish), also called Olen-Fabriek. Gaetano "Tommy" DeVito was an American musician. He was best known as a founding member, vocalist, and lead guitarist of rock band the Four Seasons. Entença is a station on line 5 of the Barcelona Metro. The Nagavali Express or Nagawali Express is a express train belonging to the East Coast Railway zone. It runs between Sambalpur and Nanded as a bi-weekly express train. The train first ran between Sambalpur and Nizamabad on 23 March 2003. The train was later extended from Nizamabad to Hazur Sahib Nanded. The frequency was increased from bi-weekly to tri-weekly in the 2013 rail budget. It was named after the Nagavali River. Fred R. Fisher was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate. Nirvana: The Chosen Rejects is a book written by Kurt St. Thomas and Troy Smith about the American rock band Nirvana. It was published in April 2004 by St. Martin's Press. The book narrates the journey of the band members, covering their childhoods, the band's rise to fame, and the aftermath of Kurt Cobain's death. Sara Gadallah Gubara Al-Faki Ibrahim is a Sudanese competition swimmer and film director. She was the first Sudanese woman to participate in international swimming competitions, such as the Capri International long-distance swimming race in Italy, and the first Sudanese woman to swim the English Channel to France, despite having contracted polio in childhood. Further to her lifelong activity as a sportswoman, she became noted as a pioneering female filmmaker in her country, first assisting her father, Gadalla Gubara, and later directing her own films. The 1896 Wisconsin Badgers football team represented the University of Wisconsin in the 1896 Western Conference football season. In their first season under head coach Philip King, the Badgers compiled a 7–1–1 record, shut out six of nine opponents, outscored all opponents by a combined total of 206 to 30, and won the first Western Conference championship. The Runaways were an American rock band who recorded and performed from 1975 to 1979. Formed in 1975 in Los Angeles, the band released four studio albums and one live album during its run. Among their best-known songs are "Cherry Bomb", "Hollywood", "Queens of Noise" and a cover version of the Velvet Underground's "Rock & Roll". Never a major success in the United States, the Runaways became a sensation overseas, especially in Japan, thanks to the single "Cherry Bomb". 30: The Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Australian rock musician, Diesel who previously fronted Johnny Diesel & the Injectors. Trzebusz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Trzebiatów, 21 km (13 mi) north of Gryfice, and 88 km (55 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Tema Harbour is a harbour located in Tema in the southeastern part of Ghana, along the Gulf of Guinea. Tema Harbour is a member of the International Association of Ports and Harbours (IAPH). Our Fair Lady is an LP album by Julie London, released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3392 as a monophonic recording and catalog number LST-7392 in stereo in 1965. Malawi made its Paralympic Games début at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The October–December 2013 Aleppo offensive or Operation Northern Storm was a campaign during the Syrian civil war launched by the Syrian army in the Aleppo Governorate to reopen a key supply route linking central Syria to the largest city, Aleppo. The offensive began when the Syrian Army attacked the strategic town of Khanasir. The Pontiac Torpedo was a full-sized car produced by Pontiac from the 1940 through the 1948 model year. When released, it was the biggest Pontiac, used an 8-cylinder engine, and it had more standard features than other Pontiacs. Although the Torpedo name was exclusive to the highest line of Pontiacs in 1940, in 1941 the name was applied to all Pontiacs in three separate lines. The Custom Torpedoes were now top-of-the-line name, while the DeLuxe Torpedo became the base line, and the Streamline Torpedo became the middle line of Pontiacs. All Torpedo models could be had with either a 6-cylinder or 8-cylinder engine beginning in 1941. From 1942 to 1948 the Torpedo name designated only the base line of Pontiacs. The Torpedo was replaced by the Pontiac Chieftain in 1949. It was with this generation that all GM vehicles experienced increased width dimensions to accommodate three passengers on the front bench seat and an additional three passengers on rear bench seat installed vehicles. This was accomplished with the deletion of running board thereby adding additional room inside the passenger compartment. Plévenon is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France. The American Standard Version (ASV), officially Revised Version, Standard American Edition, is a Bible translation into English that was completed in 1901 with the publication of the revision of the Old Testament. The revised New Testament had been published in 1900. The 2021 IHF World Women's Handball Championship, the 25th event by the International Handball Federation, was held in Spain from 1 to 19 December 2021. On 18 October 2018, at a congress in Doha, Qatar, the IHF announced that the World Championship would be expanded from 24 teams to 32 teams from 2021 onwards. New Almaden, known in Spanish as Nueva Almadén, is a historic community and former mercury mine in the Capitancillos Hills of San Jose, California, located at the southwestern point of Almaden Valley in South San Jose. New Almaden is divided into two parts: the mines and much of their immediate surroundings, including historic ghost town settlements in the Capintancillas, which together form the Almaden Quicksilver County Park, and the largely residential historic district surrounding the Casa Grande. The Independent Loyal Orange Institution is an offshoot of the Orange Institution, a Protestant fraternal organisation based in Northern Ireland. Initially pro-labour and supportive of tenant rights and land reform, over time it moved to a more conservative, unionist position. Others is a 2024 Russian adventure fantasy miniseries directed by Vladimir Raksha about people with supernatural abilities. The project was produced by the film company Lunapark and Plus Studio. Los Santos is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia. Hydrurales is an order of golden algae. Euptera hirundo is a butterfly in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in Cameroon, Gabon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, Kenya, Zambia and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests. End of Part One: Their Greatest Hits is the first compilation album released by Scottish pop rock quartet Wet Wet Wet. Released on 8 November 1993, the album serves as a comprehensive collection of the band's single discography, featuring all sixteen singles released between 1987 and 1993, plus two new songs—"Shed a Tear" and "Cold Cold Heart"—which were recorded by Nile Rodgers at The Hit Factory in New York City, where the album's artwork was also shot. Both went on to be released as a singles. Cliff Meidl is a retired American Sprint Kayaker. He competed in 1000 m kayak events at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics. He was honored as the U.S. flag bearer at the 2000 Summer Olympics. The Florence Falls is a segmented waterfall on the Florence Creek located within the Litchfield National Park in the Northern Territory of Australia. The German Mission House is a 19th-century stone cottage at Maunganui on northern Chatham Island, New Zealand. Johannes Engst and Johann Baucke, members of a group of German Moravian missionaries, and Baucke's son William built the house in the late 1860s. The building was constructed from stone sourced from the nearby volcanic cone, Maunganui. The Moravian mission in the Chathams was broadly unsuccessful, and Engst alone stayed on the island, residing as a farmer at the house until his retirement in 1900. The house continues to serve as a private residence, although it is frequently visited by tourists to the islands. In 1991, it was listed as a Category 1 historic place by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. Work was intermittently carried out on the structure from 1998 to 2010 to repair damage to masonry. Christmas Gaither Vocal Band Style is a Christmas album released by gospel group Gaither Vocal Band on September 30, 2008. modeHuman is the debut studio album by Brazilian rock band Far from Alaska, released on May 13, 2014 in Brazil. The album was recorded at the Tambor studio in Rio de Janeiro and produced by Pedro Garcia, former drummer of the rap rock musical group Planet Hemp. It was mastered in Seattle by Chris Hanzsek, who has previously worked with Soundgarden, Melvins and Skin Yard. Troubles of the Brain is the first EP by the Veils, out on 24 January 2011 on Pitch Beast Records. Finn Andrews set up his own label to release the Veils' first EP after leaving Rough Trade after almost 9 years. It was recorded at Andrews' home studio in London, and produced by Andrews and Bernard Butler. The first single from the EP was "The Stars Came Out Once the Lights Went Out". Monarch Watch is a volunteer-based citizen science organization that tracks the fall migration of the monarch butterfly. It is self-described as "a nonprofit education, conservation, and research program based at the University of Kansas that focuses on the monarch butterfly, its habitat, and its spectacular fall migration." The Robin Chapel is an ecumenical Christian place of worship in the Craigmillar area of Edinburgh, Scotland. It was built in memory of Lieutenant Robin Tudsbery, who was killed in the closing days of World War II. The chapel sits within the grounds of the Thistle Foundation, a housing complex originally built for disabled armed forces personnel. PC Globe is an atlas for MS-DOS, Microsoft Windows, Apple Macintosh and Atari ST, first released in 1987 by Comwell Systems Inc. It offered information on 177 countries and dependencies. Mansfield House is a historic building in Harrogate, a town in North Yorkshire, in England. Virginia Flats, also known as the Summit Place Flats, are two historic apartment buildings located in St. Joseph, Missouri. They were designed by the architectural firm Eckel & Mann. The south building was built in 1901, and is a two-story, rectangular Colonial Revival style brick four-plex with a hipped roof and a full-length, one-story front porch. The north building was built in 1888, and is a larger two-story rectangular brick Queen Anne style apartment building with 14 apartments, 7 on each floor. Adam Keefe is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who last played for, and captained, the Belfast Giants of the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL). Keefe announced his intention to retire from playing in 2017 and take up the position as Belfast Giants head coach, replacing Derrick Walser. Viola Jelagat Kibiwot is a runner from Kenya who specialises in the 1500 metres. Penlee Battery is a nature reserve lying on the coastal headland of Penlee Point on the Rame Peninsula, in southeast Cornwall, England. Intelligence is an American cyber-themed action-adventure television series. The series aired on CBS in the United States, and premiered on January 7, 2014. On May 10, 2014, CBS cancelled the series after one season. The 2007 United Kingdom petrol contamination problem arose on 28 February 2007, when motorists in South East England reported that their cars were breaking down. This was caused by silicon contaminated unleaded petrol, sold by several supermarkets, that damaged the lambda sensors in engine management systems. "Just Cruisin'" is a song by American rapper and actor Will Smith. It features on Men in Black: The Album and the UK release of his debut studio album, Big Willie Style (1997). Released on November 25, 1997, in Europe only, the song reached the top 40 in several countries, including Norway and Sweden, where the single peaked within the top 20. In New Zealand, the song was issued as a double A-side with "Gettin' Jiggy wit It" and peaked at number six. Mitridate, re di Ponto, K. 87 (74a), is an opera seria in three acts by the young Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. The libretto is by Vittorio Amedeo Cigna-Santi, after Giuseppe Parini's Italian translation of Jean Racine's play Mithridate. Hackney is a district in East London, England, forming around two-thirds of the area of the modern London Borough of Hackney, to which it gives its name. It is 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Charing Cross and includes part of the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park. Historically it was within the county of Middlesex. The Partido para sa Demokratikong Reporma, commonly known as Partido Reporma, is a political party in the Philippines. Holly Rachel Gibney is a fictional character created by American author Stephen King. Originally appearing in the Bill Hodges trilogy of novels, she later appears as a major supporting character in The Outsider and as the main character in If It Bleeds, a novella included in the collection of the same name, the novel Holly, and the upcoming novel Never Flinch, which is set to release on May 27, 2025. NAD(P) transhydrogenase, mitochondrial is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the NNT gene on chromosome 5. Sir John Eric Sidney Thompson was a leading English Mesoamerican archaeologist, ethnohistorian, and epigrapher. While working in the United States, he dominated Maya studies and particularly the study of the Maya script until well into the 1960s. Route de Frères is an album by drummer Andrew Cyrille. It was recorded in December 2005 at Clinton Studios in New York City, and was released by Tum Records in 2011. On the album, Cyrille is joined by members of the group known as Haitian Fascination: Hamiet Bluiett on baritone saxophone, Alix Pascal on acoustic guitar, Lisle Atkinson on bass, and Frisner Augustin on percussion and vocals. East Dubuque is a city in Jo Daviess County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,505 at the 2020 census, down from 1,704 in 2010. East Dubuque is located alongside the Mississippi River. Across the river is the city of Dubuque, Iowa. The city limits extend along the river to the Illinois-Wisconsin border. A peaked cap, peaked hat, service cap, barracks cover, or combination cap is a form of headgear worn by the armed forces of many nations, as well as many uniformed civilian organisations such as law enforcement agencies and fire departments. It derives its name from its short visor, or peak, which was historically made of polished leather but increasingly is made of a cheaper synthetic substitute. Karakuri Circus is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kazuhiro Fujita. It was serialized in Shogakukan's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Sunday from July 1997 to June 2006, with its chapters collected in 43 tankōbon volumes. The Cedars, also known as Ardis House or Atkinson House, is a house in Beech Island, South Carolina. It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1993. The Jay White House is a single-family home located at 1109 W. Genesee Street in Lapeer, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. Las Piñas (Tagalog: [las ˈpiɲɐs], officially the City of Las Piñas, is a highly urbanized city in the National Capital Region of the Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 606,293 people. Raymundo Cipriano Pujante Cayabyab, known professionally as Ryan Cayabyab, is a Filipino musician, composer and conductor regarded as one of the pillars and icons of Original Pilipino Music (OPM). He was the Executive and Artistic Director for several years for the defunct San Miguel Foundation for the Performing Arts. He was named National Artist of the Philippines for Music in 2018. Yosef (Yossi) Goldberg was an Israeli farmer and politician who served as mayor of Metula from 1978 until 1998, and as a member of the Knesset for Likud and the Party for the Advancement of the Zionist Idea between 1988 and 1992. The Central All-Indonesian Workers Organization was the largest trade union federation in Indonesia. Founded during the period of the country's independence in the late 1940s, the federation grew rapidly in the 1950s. It was initially formed with loose connections to the Communist Party of Indonesia (PKI) and with members from other parties, but over time, the PKI became dominant in the organisation. With the introduction of President Sukarno's guided democracy in the late 1950s, SOBSI was formally recognised and given a place in the national decision-making structures. In the 1960s, SOBSI came into conflict with the Army, whose officers controlled the country's state enterprises. After the 1965 coup that subsequently produced Suharto's New Order regime, SOBSI was declared illegal, its members killed and imprisoned and most of the leadership executed. Yaynu is an archaeological site in Peru. It lies in the Ancash Region, Pomabamba Province, Huayllan District. It is a hilltop settlement that is considered the most important evidence of the so-called Recuay culture in the Ancash Region. The site was declared a National Cultural Heritage by Resolución Directoral Nacional No. 682-INC-2004 on June 17, 2004. Robert Hatch Kennett was Regius Professor of Hebrew at the University of Cambridge from 1903 to 1932. Alloway railway station was a railway station serving the village of Alloway, South Ayrshire, Scotland. The station was part of the Maidens and Dunure Light Railway. Bystra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkowice, within Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. The village lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Wilkowice, 8 km (5 mi) south of Bielsko-Biała, and 55 km (34 mi) south of the regional capital Katowice. Marina Promenade is a park in Singapore that links Kallang Riverside Park in the north to Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay in the south. The entire park is situated on the western bank of the Kallang Basin and Marina Channel, along Republic Avenue and Republic Boulevard. Notable landmarks along the park include the Merdeka Bridge, the Benjamin Sheares Bridge, the Singapore Flyer and the Helix Bridge. Łapanów is a village in Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina called Gmina Łapanów. It lies approximately 17 kilometres (11 mi) south-west of Bochnia and 34 km (21 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków. Bedwas, Trethomas and Machen is a community and an electoral ward in the county borough of Caerphilly, constituting the villages of Machen, Trethomas, Bedwas, and Upper and Lower Graig-y-Rhacca. It lies in the Caerphilly Basin in the shadow of Mynydd y Grug and Mynydd Machen. All villages in the area grew as a result of the coal mining industry, which carries its legacy on today. Brandon Santini is an American roots rock and blues harmonica player, singer and songwriter. Several of his releases have made the national Billboard Blues Chart. He has been nominated for multiple Blues Music Awards and multiple Blues Blast Music Awards. Blues Blast magazine called him "one of the best harp players in the blues scene today." His music is featured in the CBS original television series, “Fire Country,” and The NBC Peacock Network’s original television series, “Poker Face,”. Pansophism, in older usage often pansophy, is a concept in the educational system of universal knowledge proposed by John Amos Comenius, a Czech educator. "[Comenius's] second great interest was in furthering the Baconian attempt at the organization of all human knowledge. He became one of the leaders in the encyclopædic or pansophic movement of the seventeenth century". Hadramphus spinipennis, commonly called the coxella weevil, is a large, nocturnal, flightless weevil only found on Mangere and Rangatira Islands in the Chatham Islands, New Zealand. Matthew 6:29 is the twenty-ninth verse of the sixth chapter of the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament and is part of the Sermon on the Mount. This verse continues the discussion of worry about material provisions. Mobile Legends: Bang Bang (MLBB) is a mobile multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) game developed and published by Chinese developer Moonton, a subsidiary of ByteDance. The game was released in 2016 and grew in popularity, most prominently in Southeast Asia. Michael Fam Yue Onn was a former Singaporean civil engineer and businessman. He is known for leading the team to complete the S$5 billion North–South and East–West Mass Rapid Transit lines two years ahead of schedule and within budget. Milan Bubalo is a Serbian footballer who plays as a forward. Louisa County High School (LCHS) is a secondary school for students of Louisa County, Virginia in the United States. It is the school for students in the county in grades 9-12. Years & Years were an English electropop band formed in London in 2010. The band rose to fame after their single "King" (2015) topped the UK Singles Chart and entered the top ten hit in thirteen other regions. It was preceded by the release of their debut studio album Communion (2015), which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, and became the fastest-selling debut album of the year from a UK signed band. It also features the commercially successful single "Shine", which reached number two in the UK. "Freaking Me Out" is a song by American singer Ava Max, released as a promotional single through Atlantic Records on July 31, 2019, and charted on the New Zealand Hot Singles chart at number 29. The song was written by Max, Jon Bellion, Jonathan Simpson, Mark Williams, Raul Cubina, Seth Reger, and the producer Cirkut. It is a pop song, with lyrics describing the feeling of losing senses during a new relationship. An accompanying music video was released on October 31, 2019, and directed by Edgar Daniel. It depicts Max trapped inside a mansion, which is filled with horror fiction objects and scenes. Carbonic anhydrase 3 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CA3 gene. Oconto Falls is a town in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,139 at the 2000 census. The City of Oconto Falls is located within the town. Wadshelf is a small village in Derbyshire, England. It is located between Chesterfield and Baslow, just inside the Peak District national park. It is near to Wigley, Holymoorside, and Brampton. The name is believed to be a corruption of Watch Hill. The village has a pub, The Highwayman on the main A619 road. Wadshelf is in the civil parish of Brampton. Holy Trinity Church is a redundant Anglican church on Low Lane in the village of Wensley, North Yorkshire, England. The building is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Alec Clifton-Taylor included the church in his list of 'best' English parish churches. Sheba Chhachhi, is an Ethiopian-born Indian photographer, women's rights activist, writer, filmmaker, and installation artist. She is based in New Delhi and has exhibited her works widely in India and internationally. Valley Township is a township in Buffalo County, Nebraska, United States. It is one of twenty-six townships in the county. The population was 158 at the 2000 census. A 2006 estimate placed the township's population at 156. Kalaallit Nunaata Radioa, also known by its abbreviation KNR, is Greenland's national public broadcasting organization. Michael J. Moran is an American state legislator serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. He is the House Majority Leader, having formerly served as the Assistant Majority Leader. He is also a Brighton resident and a member of the Democratic Party. United States v. Libby was the federal trial of I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, a former high-ranking official in the George W. Bush administration, for interfering with special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald's criminal investigation of the Plame affair. The Commonwealth Games is a quadrennial international multi-sport event among athletes from the Commonwealth of Nations, which consists mostly, but not exclusively, of territories of the former British Empire. The event was first held in 1930 as the British Empire Games and, with the exception of 1942 and 1946, has successively run every four years since. The event was called the British Empire Games from 1930 to 1950, the British Empire and Commonwealth Games from 1954 to 1966, and the British Commonwealth Games from 1970 to 1974. The event removed the word British from its title for the 1978 Games and has maintained its current name ever since. Selin Yeninci is a Turkish actress. TYTO Regional Art Gallery is a regional art gallery in Ingham, Queensland, within the Hinchinbrook Shire. It is located in the TYTO Wetlands. It is a public gallery operated by Hinchinbrook Shire Council that hosts continuous local and traveling exhibitions. The gallery also has a shop that sells art by, primarily, North Queensland artists. The Spanish–American War Nurses Memorial is a memorial in Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington County, Virginia, in the United States that commemorates those American nurses who died in the Spanish–American War in 1898. The rough-hewn, grey granite memorial was erected by the Order of Spanish–American War Nurses on May 2, 1905. It stands in the southwestern corner of Section 21, where the first Spanish–American War nurses are buried. Angle trisection is a classical problem of straightedge and compass construction of ancient Greek mathematics. It concerns construction of an angle equal to one third of a given arbitrary angle, using only two tools: an unmarked straightedge and a compass. Arthur Reginald Howe Francis, also known by the nickname of "Bolla", was a New Zealand dual-code international rugby union and rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s, 1910s and 1920s, and rugby union coach of the 1930s. He played representative level rugby union (RU) for New Zealand, Auckland, and at club level for Ponsonby RFC. He also played representative level rugby league (RL) for New Zealand and Australasia, as well as at club level for Wigan, as a forward, and coached club level rugby union (RU) for Grammar RFC. "Sweet Harmony" is a song by British dance act Liquid, originally released on the Liquid EP in 1991, and as a single in 1992. The song samples heavily from CeCe Rogers' "Someday" released in 1987. New remixes of the song were released in 1995, and it was re-released in 2004 and again in 2007, featuring more new mixes. The Montenegrin Navy is the naval branch of the military of Montenegro. Raj Bhavan is the official residence of the Governor of West Bengal, located in Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal. Built in 1803, it was known as Government House during the Company rule in India and the British Raj. Civic is the city centre or central business district of Canberra. "Civic" is a common name for the district, but it is also called Civic Centre, City Centre, Canberra City and Canberra, and its official division name is City. George Allan (1767–1828) was an English barrister and politician. The Protectorate of the Western Regions (simplified Chinese: 西域都护府; traditional Chinese: 西域都護府; pinyin: Xīyù Dūhù Fǔ; Wade–Giles: Hsi1-yü4 Tu1-hu4 Fu3) was an imperial administration (a protectorate) situated in the Western Regions administered by Han dynasty China and its successors on and off from 59 or 60 BCE until the end of the Sixteen Kingdoms period in 439 AD. The "Western Regions" refers to areas west of Yumen Pass, especially the Tarim Basin in southern Xinjiang. These areas would later be termed Altishahr (southern Xinjiang, excluding Dzungaria) by Turkic-speaking peoples. The term "western regions" was also used by the Chinese more generally to refer to Central Asia. Kelly Maria Jonker is a Dutch field hockey player. The LVG G.I,, was a prototype German bomber aircraft built by LVG during World War I. Chief Illiniwek was the mascot of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (UIUC), associated with the university's intercollegiate athletic programs, from October 30, 1926, to February 21, 2007. Chief Illiniwek was portrayed by a student to represent the Illiniwek, the state's namesake, although the regalia worn was from the Sioux. The student portraying Chief Illiniwek performed during halftime of Illinois football and basketball games, as well as during women's volleyball matches. The Journal asiatique is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1822 by the Société Asiatique covering Asian studies. It publishes articles in French and several other European languages. Cited texts are presented in their original languages. Each issue also includes news of the Société Asiatique and its members, obituaries of notable Orientalists, critical reviews, and books received. The journal is published by Peeters Publishers on behalf of the Société Asiatique and the editor-in-chief is Jean-Marie Durand. Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss is a 1998 American independent romantic comedy film written and directed by Tommy O'Haver and starring Sean P. Hayes, Brad Rowe, and Meredith Scott Lynn. The film was a breakthrough performance for Hayes, who would go on to gain worldwide fame for his portraying Jack McFarland on the hit television series Will & Grace. Peter Christopher Rhodes (1909–1965) was an American journalist and writer who worked for the United Press news service and for the United States Office of War Information. The Diocese of Lismore is a Latin Church ecclesiastical jurisdiction or diocese of the Catholic Church in New South Wales, Australia. The diocese was established in 1887, initially as the Diocese of Grafton, and then changed to the current name in 1900. The Diocese of Lismore covers the North Coast. It is a suffragan in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Sydney. Medersa Loukach is a Madrasa built in 1758 in the Medina of Tetouan, Morocco. Martin Škoula is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman, who enjoyed a lengthy career in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Colorado Avalanche, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Dallas Stars, Minnesota Wild, Pittsburgh Penguins and the New Jersey Devils. He won the Stanley Cup with the Colorado Avalanche in 2001. Robert Michael Manne is an Emeritus Professor of Politics and Vice-Chancellor's Fellow at La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia. He is a leading Australian public intellectual. The primary application of wind turbines is to generate energy using the wind. Hence, the aerodynamics is a very important aspect of wind turbines. Like most machines, wind turbines come in many different types, all of them based on different energy extraction concepts. Va is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language black comedy film written and directed by Pushkar–Gayatri. It stars Shiva, SPB Charan and Lekha Washington, with Kalyan, John Vijay and Abhinayashree playing supporting roles. The film's story takes place in one night, in which a man, with the help of his would-be brother-in-law, hunts for a last liquor before leaving to Saudi Arabia. Anatolii Dmytrovych Draholiuntsev was a Ukrainian technician and politician. A member of the Communist Party of Ukraine, he served in the Verkhovna Rada from 1998 to 2002. The Not Fucking Around Coalition (NFAC) is a black nationalist militia, part of the militia movement in the United States. The group advocates for black liberation and separatism. It has been described by news outlets as a "Black militia". It denies any connection to the Black Panther Party or Black Lives Matter. NWA Looks That Kill was a professional wrestling event produced by the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). The event took place on December 14, 2024, at the Dothan Civic Center in Dothan, Alabama and will air via tape delay across several episodes of NWA Powerrr on X. Pyruvate dehydrogenase complex (PDC) is a complex of three enzymes that converts pyruvate into acetyl-CoA by a process called pyruvate decarboxylation. Acetyl-CoA may then be used in the citric acid cycle to carry out cellular respiration, and this complex links the glycolysis metabolic pathway to the citric acid cycle. Pyruvate decarboxylation is also known as the "pyruvate dehydrogenase reaction" because it also involves the oxidation of pyruvate. Bart Bonte is a Belgian independent game developer most well-known for his numerous abstract puzzle games, among them Sugar, Sugar (2011), Yellow (2017) and Green (2020). Some of the ideas he has built games around include a bath duck, a CRT monitor in a field, and his daughter's teddy bear. He releases his games under the moniker bontegames. Grzegorz Bolesław Lato is a Polish former professional football player and manager who played as a winger. He was a member of Poland's golden generation of football players who rose to fame in the 1970s and early 80s. Over a decade, he represented Poland at five major tournaments starting with gold at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in Munich and ending with a third-place finish at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain. He reached the peak of his career at the 1974 World Cup, where he was the leading scorer and the only Pole to-date to have won the honour. In 1981, he won the Polish Footballer of the Year Award presented by the Piłka Nożna football weekly. After retiring from his playing career, he had a brief stint as manager in several clubs in and out of Poland. Thomas John Dempsey was an American professional football player who was a placekicker in the National Football League (NFL) for the New Orleans Saints, Philadelphia Eagles, Los Angeles Rams, Houston Oilers and Buffalo Bills. Unlike the "soccer style" approach which was becoming more and more widely used during his career, Dempsey's kicking style was the then-standard straight-toe style. With the Saints in 1970, he made a 63-yard field goal, setting an NFL record which stood for over 40 years. Dinghy sailing is the activity of sailing small boats by using five essential controls:The sails The foils The trim Side-to-side balance of the dinghy by hiking or movement of the crew, particularly in windy weather The choice of route Sugar is an American film released on November 8, 2013 in conjunction with Homeless Youth Awareness Month. The film was directed by Rotimi Rainwater, written by Tony Aloupis and Rotimi Rainwater, and stars Shenae Grimes, Marshall Allman, Corbin Bleu, and Austin Williams. The film is based on the experiences Rainwater had when he himself lived on the streets. Newland is an unincorporated community in northeast Pettis County, in the U.S. state of Missouri. The community is on Missouri Route EE approximately eight miles northeast of Sedalia. Kitty O'Neil was one of the most celebrated American variety theatre dancers of the late 19th century. From around 1863 until 1892, she performed in New York City, Boston and elsewhere in the United States, and at her death was acclaimed by The New York Times as "the best female jig dancer in the world." O'Neil's name is remembered today chiefly because of "Kitty O'Neil's Champion," a "sand jig" named in her honor that was first published in 1882 and revived starting in the 1970s by fiddler Tommy Peoples and other Irish traditional musicians. Lott is a city in Falls County, Texas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 644. Al-Aminul Karim Sultan Sallehuddin ibni Almarhum Sultan Badlishah is the 29th Sultan of Kedah since ascending to the throne in September 2017 upon the death of his elder half-brother Abdul Halim. As the fourth son of Badlishah of Kedah, that lived to adulthood he was initially not expected to inherit the throne. Nathan Fellows Dixon was a United States senator from Rhode Island. Born in Plainfield, Connecticut, he attended Plainfield Academy and graduated from the College of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations at Providence in 1799. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1801 and commenced practice in New London County, Connecticut. He moved to Westerly, Rhode Island, in 1802 and continued the practice of law, and also engaged in banking, serving as president of the Washington bank of Westerly from 1829 until his death. Aldo-keto reductase family 1 member C2, also known as bile acid binding protein, 3α-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 3 (3α-HSD3), and dihydrodiol dehydrogenase type 2, is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the AKR1C2 gene. Hydnophytum moseleyanum, commonly known as smooth ant plant, is a plant in the coffee and gardenia family Rubiaceae native to the Philippines, New Guinea and Cape York Peninsula in Australia. It is an epiphyte that inhabits mangrove forest and rainforest, and it forms a symbiotic relationship with certain species of ants. The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra, Volume Two is a 1965 recording by the jazz musician Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra. Where Volume One of the Heliocentric Worlds series had predominantly featured short abstract pieces, Volume Two features longer pieces performed by a smaller group, making it closer in spirit to the contemporaneous The Magic City, released on Ra's own Saturn label. The record has been widely bootlegged, some versions of which were retitled The Sun Myth. Hanako Kobayashi , better known by her ring name Hanako Nakamori, is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working as a freelancer and is best known for her time in the Japanese promotions JWP Joshi Puroresu and Pure-J. Pediocactus peeblesianus is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Navajo pincushion cactus. It is endemic to the state of Arizona in the United States. The species is named after the Arizona botanist Robert Hibbs Peebles. The Congress Hall is the Government House in Ufa, built for the 450th anniversary of the accession of Bashkortostan to Russia. Matti Steinmann is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for SV Drochtersen/Assel in the Regionalliga Nord. Rodrigo René González Torres was a Chilean politician. He served as Second Vice President of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile and as a member of the Chamber of Deputies representing District 7 of the Valparaíso Region. He previously served twice as mayor of Viña del Mar. North Bend is a village in Miami Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. It is a part of the Greater Cincinnati area. The population was 835 at the 2020 census. Phạm Văn Trị (范文治, ?–?) or Phạm Công Trị (范公治), later Nguyễn Văn Trị (阮文治), was a general of Tây Sơn dynasty, Vietnam. He was the second son of Phạm Công Hưng. Transcription factor SPT20 is a regulator of transcription. It can recruit TATA binding protein (TBP) and possible other base factors to bind to TATA box. The model of its action by example Saccharomyces cerevisiae was studied. It functions as a component of the transcriptional regulatory complex histone-acetylation a (HAT) SAGA, SALSA and FIG. SAGA is involved in the regulation of transcription-dependent RNA polymerase II about 10% of the yeast gene. In promoter, SAGA is required to engage basal transcription mechanisms. Affects RNA polymerase II transcription activity through various activities, such as TBP interaction and promoter selectivity, interaction with transcription activators and modification chromatin by histone acetylation (GCN5) and ubiquitin deacetylation (UBP8). SAGA acetylates nucleosome or histone H3 to some extent. Blue Ridge Township is a township in Piatt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,480 and it contained 641 housing units. The Louvre, or the Louvre Museum, is a national art museum in Paris, France, and one of the most famous museums in the world. It is located on the Right Bank of the Seine in the city's 1st arrondissement and home to some of the most canonical works of Western art, including the Mona Lisa, Venus de Milo, and Winged Victory. The museum is housed in the Louvre Palace, originally built in the late 12th to 13th century under Philip II. Remnants of the Medieval Louvre fortress are visible in the basement of the museum. Due to urban expansion, the fortress eventually lost its defensive function, and in 1546 Francis I converted it into the primary residence of the French kings. The R-Type is a family of straight-4 turbocharged diesel engines developed by both Nissan and Renault, and also Daimler in regarding the R9M/OM626 engine. Released in 2011, it replaced the 1.9 dCi engine in Renault's range and the 2.0 dCi in the Nissan Qashqai, and in 2015, it also replaced the 2.0 dCi in the Renault Mégane as well. When launched, the engine produced 130 PS. Renault later introduced a higher-powered twin-turbocharged variant producing 160 PS. Susan Dibny is a fictional character from DC Comics associated with the Elongated Man. Created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, the character first appeared in Flash vol. 1 #119. In 2004, she became a flashpoint for discussions of women in comics when a highly controversial storyline was published in which she is murdered and revealed to have been raped by Doctor Light in the past. RCO Agde is a French football club. The club is based at the 3500-seat Stade Louis Sanguin in Agde. Age Of is the eighth studio album by American electronic producer Oneohtrix Point Never, released on June 1, 2018, on Warp Records. Recorded over two years, it is the first Oneohtrix Point Never album to prominently feature Daniel Lopatin's own vocals. The album was accompanied by the MYRIAD tour, which premiered as a "conceptual concertscape" in 2018 at the Park Avenue Armory and ended its run in 2019. Ralph Fielding "Hutch" Hutchinson was an American football, basketball, and baseball player. He served as the head football coach at Dickinson College (1901), the University of Texas at Austin (1903–1905), the University of New Mexico (1911–1916), Washington & Jefferson College (1918), the University of Idaho (1919), and the Idaho Technical Institute (1920–1927), compiling a career college football record of 62–55–6. Hutchinson was also the head basketball coach at New Mexico (1910–1917), Idaho (1919–1920), and Idaho Technical (1926–1927), amassing a career college basketball record of 56–18, and the head baseball coach at Texas from 1904 to 1906 and at New Mexico from 1910 to 1917, tallying a career college baseball mark of 69–44–2. Love and Danger is the eleventh solo studio album by American recording artist Kool Keith. It was released on June 5, 2012 via Junkadelic Music and produced entirely by DJ Junkaz Lou, except for two tracks produced by Big Sche Eastwood and Ariel Caban. The project featured guest appearances from Agallah, Keith Murray, Megabone, NYM, The I.M.O., and Mr. Sche. Topology is the branch of mathematics concerned with the properties of a geometric object that are preserved under continuous deformations, such as stretching, twisting, crumpling, and bending; that is, without closing holes, opening holes, tearing, gluing, or passing through itself. Denys Vasylyovych Shelikhov is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Slavia Mozyr. The 2017–18 FC Basel season was the 125th season in club history and the club's 23rd consecutive season in the top flight of Swiss football. Basel were the reigning Swiss Super League champions. The season started on the weekend of 22–23 July 2017 and ended on 19 May 2018. They were also the Swiss Cup holders. The first round of the Swiss Cup was played on 13 August 2017. Basel were also qualified for this season's Champions League in the Group stage. The first round was played on 12 September 2017. Thunderbolt is a 1947 film directed by William Wyler and John Sturges which documented the American aerial operations of Operation Strangle in World War II, when flyers of the Twelfth Air Force based on Corsica successfully impeded Axis supply lines to the Gustav Line and Anzio beachhead. The film was originally shot in 16mm color by members of the Army Air Forces. The 12th Combat Camera Unit recorded the combat footage using cameras mounted on some of the P-47s and a B-25 medium bomber equipped as a camera ship to accompany the fighters. Irina Lashko is a Russian diver who, after her marriage with an Australian, became known as Irina Furler. Palace of Sardar or Sardar Palace is the former residence of Sardar, the ruler of the Erivan Khanate. It was located in the northeastern part of the Erivan Fortress in Yerevan, on the left bank of the Hrazdan river. Implenia is a Swiss real estate and construction services company with activities in development and civil engineering in Switzerland and Germany. Implenia is also active in tunneling and related infrastructure construction in Austria, France, Sweden, Norway and Italy. The Group was formed at the beginning of 2006 from the merger of Basel-based Batigroup Holding AG with Geneva-based Zschokke Holding SA. The headquarters are located in Glattpark (Opfikon) in the canton of Zurich. Implenia is one of the 500 largest companies in Switzerland. The Tournelon Blanc is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, overlooking the lake of Mauvoisin in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the Grand Combin massif and lies east of the Corbassière Glacier. Trofimuk Institute of Petroleum-Gas Geology and Geophysics of the Siberian Branch of the RAS, IPGG SB RAS is a research institute in Novosibirsk, Russia. It was founded in 2005. "We Are" is a song by American rap rock band Hollywood Undead. It is the first official single from the band's third studio album Notes from the Underground and was released as the fifth track on the album. Mirror Music is the debut solo studio album by American rapper Wordsworth. It was released by Halftooth Records in 2004.  Chatham is a village in Sangamon County, Illinois, United States. It is located 2.8 miles (4.5 km) south of Springfield and has a retail trade area that extends into four other municipalities, including Springfield. The population was 11,500 as of the 2010 census and estimated to be 13,008 as of 2019. The village lies along the original alignment of historic U.S. Route 66. "Amaia Montero" is the debut solo album by Spanish singer Amaia Montero, after an eleven-year music career as the frontwoman for La Oreja de Van Gogh. It was released in Spain on 18 November 2008 by Sony BMG. "Quiero Ser" was the first single released from the album. According to "Promusicae" Amaia Montero was the Ninth biggest selling album of 2008 in Spain, for surpassing sales of 81,000 in less than 2 months. The album was nominated for Best Female Pop Vocal Album at the 2009 Latin Grammy Awards. Rest on the Flight into Egypt is a c. 1515 oil on panel painting by the Flemish artist Joachim Patinir, who painted the main figures of Madonna and Child and a foreground still-life. The background landscape includes colours not usually found in Patinir's work and so is thought to have been produced by other hands. It is now in the Gemäldegalerie, Berlin. Southwest Jiaotong University is a national public science and engineering university in Chengdu, Sichuan, China. The university is affiliated with the Ministry of Education. It is a national key university co-sponsored by the Ministry of Education, China Railway Corporation, the Sichuan Provincial Government, and the Chengdu Municipal Government. The university is part of Project 211 and the Double First-Class Construction. Region Stockholm is the regional public body responsible for healthcare, public transport, and regional planning within Stockholm County, Sweden. Established on 1 January 2019, it replaced the former Stockholm County Council as part of a nationwide reform. The Bolivian Constituent Assembly, convened on August 6, 2006, in Sucre, with the purpose of drafting a new national constitution by December 14, 2007; extended from the original deadline of August 6, 2007. The Assembly approved the new Political Constitution of the State on 9 December 2007. It was put to a national referendum held on 25 January 2009, and went into force on 7 February 2009. Leukocyte immunoglobulin-like receptor pseudogene 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the LILRP2 gene. South Hills Village is a two-level shopping mall that is located in the Pittsburgh suburbs of Bethel Park and Upper St. Clair Township, Pennsylvania, United States. The mall's anchor stores are Macy's, Von Maur, Target, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Barnes & Noble. Kettering Fairmont High School is located in Kettering, Ohio, United States. It is home to approximately 2,500 students, making it the 6th largest high school in Ohio. Heggadadevanakote or H.D.Kote is a town and a taluk headquarters in Mysore district in the Indian state of Karnataka. Kakana kote forest lies in Heggadadevana kote taluk. H.D Kote city is divided into 13 wards for which elections are held every 5 years. Jorel's Brother is a Brazilian animated television series created by Juliano Enrico and produced by TV Quase and Copa Studio for Cartoon Network Brazil since 2012. The series debuted on September 22, 2014, and is notable for being the first animated production exclusively produced by Cartoon Network Brazil, in which was confirmed that the show premiere in the region on February 2, 2015. Vasiliy Anatolyevich Lomachenko, also spelled Vasyl Anatoliyovych Lomachenko, is a Ukrainian professional boxer. He has held multiple world championships in three weight classes, from featherweight to lightweight, including the International Boxing Federation (IBF) lightweight title since May 2024. Previously he held unified and Ring magazine titles at lightweight. The Battle of Fort Charlotte, also known as the siege of Fort Charlotte, was a two-week siege conducted by Spanish general Bernardo de Gálvez against the British fortifications guarding the port of Mobile, during the Anglo-Spanish War of 1779-1783. Fort Charlotte was the last remaining British frontier post capable of threatening New Orleans, Louisiana. Its fall drove the British from the western reaches of West Florida and reduced the British military presence in West Florida to its capital, Pensacola. The Grotto is a concrete sculpture by Carlos Cortés, along the San Antonio River in San Antonio, Texas, United States. In 2020, some pieces intended to be added to The Grotto were stolen. Barragem de Poilão is a dam located in the eastern part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde, in the municipality of São Lourenço dos Órgãos. It impounds the stream Ribeira Seca, the island's largest river. the reservoir, used for irrigation, stretches between the villages Poilão and Levada. North of the reservoir is the national road from João Teves to Achada Fazenda (EN1-ST03). Frank Willenborg is a German football referee who is based in Osnabrück. He referees for SV Gehlenberg of the Lower Saxony Football Association. "Honesty" is a song by British post-punk revival band Editors. It was released digitally on 25 November 2013, as the third single to promote the band's fourth studio album, The Weight of Your Love. B.U.G. Mafia prezintă CASA is a compilation album by B.U.G. Mafia. It was released in 2002 and was the first release on their then newly established Casa Productions. Featured on the album is a bevy of acts who were among the earliest to sign to Casa Productions, many of whom quickly became disassociated with the label without seeing their own projects come to fruition. B.U.G. Mafia perform just two tracks: "Cine E Cu Noi", a collaboration with Romanian soul singer Nicoleta "Nico" Matei that was released as the first single and became the disc's most noted, and "Toți Borfașii". Joseph Rademacher was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as bishop of the Diocese of Nashville in Tennessee from 1883 to 1893 and as bishop of the Diocese of Fort Wayne in Indiana from 1893 until his death in 1900. Závadka nad Hronom is a village and municipality in Brezno District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia. The Eyles, later Eyles-Stiles Baronetcy, of London, was a title in the Baronetage of Great Britain. It was created on 1 December 1714 for the merchant and director of the Honourable East India Company, Francis Eyles. The second baronet was Lord Mayor of London from 1726 to 1727. He married Mary, daughter of Joseph Haskins Stiles of Moor Park, Rickmansworth, and their son, the third baronet, assumed the additional surname of Stiles. The title became extinct on the death of the fourth baronet in 1768. Bacurituba is a municipality in the state of Maranhão in the Northeast region of Brazil. TCB is a 1968 television special produced by Motown Productions and George Schlatter–Ed Friendly Productions of Laugh-In fame. The special is a musical revue starring Motown's two most popular groups at the time, Diana Ross & the Supremes and The Temptations. Containing a combination of showtunes, specially prepared numbers, and popular Motown hits, the special was taped before a live studio audience in September 1968 and originally broadcast December 9, 1968 on NBC, sponsored by the Timex watch corporation. The title of the program uses a then-popular acronym, "TCB", which stands for "Taking Care of Business". Pablo Chinchilla Vega is a Costa Rican footballer who currently is the player-manager of Austrian lower league side FC Koblach. Onechanbara Z2: Chaos is a 2014 hack and slash video game developed by Tamsoft. Part of the Onechanbara series, it is the sequel to the 2012 Japan-exclusive Xbox 360 title OneChanbara Z ~ Kagura ~ , and the first game in the series to be localized since Onechanbara: Bikini Samurai Squad and OneChanbara: Bikini Zombie Slayers in 2009. Brownsville Metro, or "B Metro" for short, is a mass transit system based in and serving Brownsville, TX. It is currently the largest mass transit system in Cameron County and the Rio Grande Valley, Texas, and is the only mass transit system in Cameron County, Texas. Brownsville Metro consists of 13 bus routes and two terminals. Brownsville Metro carries more than 1.5 million passengers a year. There is only two mass transit systems in the Rio Grande Valley the second being Metro McAllen, which only consists of 7 bus routes and one bus terminal. In July 2021, Brownsville Metro began bus service to limited routes on Sundays. The Northern Hospital (TNH) in Epping, Melbourne, Australia, is major community hospital. It lies in the north of Melbourne, next to Pacific Epping. Painter's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. San Marino has participated in one edition of the Paralympic Games, debuting at the 2012 Games in London. The Brazoria County Library System operates public libraries in Brazoria County, Texas, United States. The city of New Orleans, in the U.S. state of Louisiana, is divided into 17 wards. Politically, the wards are used in voting in elections, subdivided into precincts. Under various previous city charters of the 19th century, aldermen and later city council members were elected by ward. The city has not had officials elected to represent wards since 1912, but the ward designations remain a part of New Orleans' fabric. Socially, it is not uncommon for New Orleanians from some wards to identify where they are from by their ward number. Caroline Elizabeth Rose is a Grammy-nominated American singer, songwriter, musician and producer. After releasing two records of folk and country-inspired music, she released a pop-rock album Loner in 2018. Superstar was released on March 6, 2020. Her most recent album, The Art of Forgetting, was released on March 24, 2023. Rainbow Prelude is a manga by Osamu Tezuka, and also the name of one of his books in Kodansha's line of "Osamu Tezuka Manga Complete Works" books, contains a collection of Tezuka's short stories. The stories included in the book are "Rainbow Prelude", "The Curtain is Still Blue Tonight", a manga version of Shakespeare's "The Merchant of Venice", "Peacock Shell", and "Song of the White Peacock". The longcomb sawfish, narrowsnout sawfish or green sawfish is a species of sawfish in the family Pristidae, found in tropical and subtropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific. It has declined drastically and is now considered a critically endangered species. The Jew of Linz is a 1998 book by Australian writer Kimberley Cornish, in which the author alleges that the Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein had a profound effect on Adolf Hitler when they were both pupils at the Realschule in Linz, Austria, in the early 1900s. Cornish also alleges that Wittgenstein was involved in the Cambridge Five Soviet spy ring during the Second World War. Hạ Hòa is a rural district of Phú Thọ province in the Northeast region of Vietnam. As of 2003, the district had a population of 108,556. The district covers an area of 340 km². The district capital lies at Hạ Hòa. Onofre Agustín Marimón was an Argentine racing driver, who competed in Formula One at 12 Grands Prix between 1951 and 1954. Adelaide Sophia Claxton was a British painter, illustrator, and inventor. She was one of the first women artists to make a major part of her living through the commercial press, selling satirical and comic illustrations to more than half a dozen periodicals. Georgi Plamenov Minchev is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Ümraniyespor. Seijogakuen-mae Station is a railway station on the Odakyu Odawara Line in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Odakyu Electric Railway. The station is named after the nearby Seijo Gakuen and Seijo University. Patterns in nature are visible regularities of form found in the natural world. These patterns recur in different contexts and can sometimes be modelled mathematically. Natural patterns include symmetries, trees, spirals, meanders, waves, foams, tessellations, cracks and stripes. Early Greek philosophers studied pattern, with Plato, Pythagoras and Empedocles attempting to explain order in nature. The modern understanding of visible patterns developed gradually over time. Portia Lucretia Simpson-Miller is a Jamaican politician who served as Prime Minister of Jamaica from 2006 to 2007 and from 2012 to 2016. She was leader of the People's National Party from 2005 to 2017 and Leader of the Opposition from 2007 to 2012 and from 2016 to 2017.